
chill   


  





cursed images   


  



actual footage of wuhan red cross in action   

shut up jack   


  



y’all have guests?   


  



dream team   

do y’all ever get pre-annoyed? like you already know someone is about to piss you off   


  



herbal medicine producers congratulating 中科院上海药物所 on their new achievement   


  



chill   


  



this is where guitar picks come from   


  



wyoming is a myth made up by the government. wake up   


  



it be like that   


  



that’s a healthy relationship   

my friends give me a hug and say “I love you”me who didn’t grow up in an affectionate home   


  



been there   


  



央视频 pls put live cameras on 博爱江城 , I’d love to give each one of them very cute names  

supply vs. demand   


  



big mood   


  



chill   


  



Japanese transformer   

thanks for your generosity http//t.cn/APoPQ  

we’re this close to having sex with excavators   


  



I’ve been tortured long enough by this   


  



he nails it   

this is some kingsman level shit   

you don’t see victoria smile often   


  



wholesome   


  



sad   


  



only thinks of you as a friend   


  



I hate this   


  



is that right ladies?   


  



this is how I eat   

chill   


  



same   

only in Florida   


  



what about “no worries)”   


  



yea take that   


  



the smell must be fantastic   


  



oof   


  



bruh   


  



me getting escorted out of happy hour after drinking  vodka sodas   


  



me stopping my mom when she wants to throw out a cool stick that I’ve found   


  



when you beat the game and go back to level  area   


  



we’re actually here for you sir   


  



my grandma after I change the tv source to HDMI   


  



you’re not alone   


  



when your beardless friend is in the bathroom and you hear your electric razor turned on   


  



so karen wins   


  



chill   


  



what the fuck is this   

this is disturbing   

cursed images   


  



duh   


  



me showing someone my meme page   


  



wholesome   


  



when you see “typing...” pop up and then disappear   


  



same   


  



let him go   


  



y’all have friends?   


  



that’s what good kissing sounds like   


  



you’re hired   


  



how’d he do it   


  



god u can eat things twice ur sizesnake ok but howgod go like osnakegod then u just kinda O  

chill   


  



omg I haven’t seen you in forever! let’s stand in everyone’s fucking way and talk about our annoying kids   


  



I’d quit   


  



yes daddy   


  



once upon a time in Nashville   


  



this is traumatizing   


  



dads being dads   


  



I felt that “oh ok” on a whole other level   


  

 

when you’re trying to watch a movie with your girl, but she keeps asking questions about the plot   


  



the face the white lady makes as soon as she puts the grocery divider down   


  



HR showing me all my posts about how much I hate my job   


  



be careful what you wish for   


  



hey that is me   


  



I talk to myself a lot   


  



what a legend   


  

 

humanely  

chill   


  



kids are very scary   


  



why his face so small   


  



me after spending  hrs on taobao looking for masks with reasonable price & instant delivery   


  



he knows what’s happening   


  



I’m “someone”   


  



when you’re out in a restaurant with your cousin and they say they have a % discount on couples   


  



google maps “arrival time ”me outside at    


  



facts   


  



bruh that’s a big oof   


  



me *calls my cat by name*my cat *doesn’t give a fuck*me pspspsps my cat   


  



this has blown my mind   


  



when your homie and his girl arguing and she say “fuck you and that ugly ass nigga in the back seat”   


  



I feel physical pain from this post   


  



this was wild   


  



that’s sexual harassment   


  



chill   


  



I’m a  yr old blonde and I can’t relate   


  



you have my attention   


  



I’m that friend   


  



he chose a peaceful life   


  



dads showing other dads the ribs they grilled over the weekend   


  



“what are you doing step bro”   


  



imagine someone stealing your iPhone and getting AirPods for free   


  



when you’re on a date and you realize you never want to see this person again   


  



same   


  



chill   


  



anon gets help   


  



minecraft bee   


  



chill   


  



I think she’s had enough coffee   

“dense cabbage” is a better insult than “stupid idiot”   


  



I’m a woman I can confirm   


  



bake at  for  mins   


  



that’s a crime   


  



mood   


  



stay hydrated   


  



imagine living life with this mentality /   


  



due to personal reasons I will be sitting on my bed in my wet towel and staring at the wall for  minutes  

I will wear these for you   


  



when your mom comes in the house flooding the room with negative energy   


  



psychopaths call it instagram   


  



life comes at you fast   


  



solid plan   


  



cursed images   


  



absolutely no oneold lady from titanic listen up about this poor guy I fucked on a cruise   


  



chill   


  



skills  recycling    

I do all of these   


  



the look on that kid’s face was priceless   

mood   


  



yup   


  



weaker than a plastic bag   


  



same   


  



o boi   


  



doggo had no clue   

me leaving the house for the first time in  days to get some junk food at the store then go back to my depression hibernation   


  



but why does this have anything to do with being a straight man   


  



pure evil   


  



when your wedding’s in  minutes but you’re having second thoughts   


  



chill   


  



ecological pest control   

I’m crying   

gay men talking about the guy they’ve been texting for two days   

Amen   


  



girls I watch The Witcher for the plotthe plot   


  

 

wtf is this   


  



gay sandwich   


  



sorry, I was in the shower   


  



a shot of tequila in a lime peel   


  



you [late and frantic] I can’t find my keys.me [seated and helpful] They’ve gotta be somewhere.  

[opening my god damn email] there better not be any god damn emails in here  

full of carrot 🥕   


  

 

my new spirit animal   


  



“bro have you heard eminem’s new album? fire bro”   


  



week  summoning. #SideQuest# valid until Jan th .   


  

 

chill   


  



it looks so realistic   

next level   

that hits too close to home   


  



you guys are touched?   


  



this is self-destructive   


  



when he grabs a rag and cleans himself first   


  



I have a dream   


  



but they delicious   


  



just look at him   


  



been there   


  

 

seasoning   


  



oh gawwd   


  



Gordon is proud   


  



me showing life I have not given up yet   


  



chill   


  



this Arab guy calls the hotel reception to complain about a mouse in his room   

this coffee advertisement   

nobodyInstagram models   


  



okay   


  



damn florida, you alright?   


  



same   


  



god *creates a worm* hello little buddy!worm Thanks for the "worm" welcome hahagod *creates birds*  

amen   


  



me taking eight shots of vodka during the pre-game so I don’t have to pay for drinks downtown   


  



you’ve had a rough  years   


  



when it’s forbidden city but ur papa is forbidden papa   


  



be like kyle   


  



just the normal face you make when forming the words “thank you.”   


  



chill   


  



don’t panic, just act natural   

have you ever pretended not to look at the biscuits or sweets being handed around the room and acted surprised when you got offered one   


  



you shall not pass   

my white blood cells fighting off a cold   

remember the origin of memes..   

I work here now, I don’t give a fuck   


  



just eat the unfinished sushi, it still looks good   


  



I knew it   


  



we’re evolving too fast   


  



oof   


  



me about to say something I shouldn’t, but of course imma say it anyways cause that’s who tf I am   


  



finally, an article I can relate to   


  



Avril Lavigne You were everything, everything that I wanted. We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it. And all of the memories so close to me just fade away. All this time you were pretending, so much for my happy ending.yr old me   


  



my brains slow and I’ve got crappy eyesight   


  



anon lives in    


  



chill   


  



toxic guys when their ex finally gets over the breakup   

last ride of bojack   

I just can’t   


  



this is deep   


  



stop peeing out of fear   


  



when you pet a dog and the owner says, “wow he never let strangers do that.”   


  



gf why do you bring me to the beach for every dateme [desperately trying to get stung by a jellyfish so she'll piss on me] the ocean is just so romantic i guess  

after  hours of getting choked, spit on, and called “a dirty back ally piece of fuck meat” and he say “I love you, beautiful”   


  



stop it man..   


  



all I ask is for you to get to know me on a deep, intimate level while I resist and obstruct your every attempt to do so  

dayyyyuuum   


  



a man with a plan   


  



it is gay to use a knife   


  



when you try to explain your anxiety to someone and they reply with “don’t worry, you’ll be fine”   


  



waiting for departure   


  



chill   


  



Ads are getting out of control http//t.cn/AvVoNWz  

dejavu   

visiting grandpa for the Chinese New Year   


  



when you’re sick of hearing your homie talk about never getting head   


  



pepe pig   


  



when you’re trying to sleep but you called your teacher mom  years ago   


  



* minutes into hanging out with people who don’t understand your movie and TV show references*   


  



life is good   


  



me explaining to the homeless person I’m also in need of a dollar   


  



what a relief   


  



tinder gold   


  



relatable   


  



cursed images   


  



pretty much   


  



my anxiety calling my other mental illnesses over so they can ruin my day and watch me suffer together   


  



chill   


  



sleepless   

“don’t wear them backwards!”   

no joke   


  



people will go to the library and pull out their laptop, textbook, agenda, multicolored pens,  calculators and a large coffee just to sit there like this for  hours   


  



I’m indifferent to your suffering   


  



it’s all clear now   


  



anon saved by Chris Brown   


  



his face   


  



when you lose a meme in your feed because you scrolled down, but luckily you remembered who shared it and now you’re scrolling through their timeline to find it   


  



nobodywhite girls studying abroad in France   


  



kinda cute   


  



anon likes spongebob   


  



tinder gold   


  



yeh breakups hurt, but have you ever come across a meme you’d send to a person who you don’t talk to anymore  

my anxieties here are ten impossible scenarios of how you’ll fuck this upmy common sense that’s not going to happ-me   


  



chill   


  



 years of marriage, reckon she’s sick of his shit yet?   

koala hold kind man’s hand   

an absolute king   

I’m not surprised   


  



it was everything   


  



when your OkCupid date starts telling you about himself and you have to act like you haven’t spent hours studying his profile   


  



life hack   


  



oof   


  



how to deal with defensive architecture   


  

 

the best angle for a picture of a seal   


  



chivalry is not dead after all   


  



looks like a Renaissance painting   


  



tinder gold   


  



king of Sweden at a handball game   


  



it’s uncomfortable   


  



week  summoning. #SideQuest# valid until Jan th .   


  

 

chill   


  



most honest rap song   

thank you for creating KFC   

Russia is not a country is a state of mind   

taking the flat escalator in an airport   

the forbidden fren   

 minute before the museum closes   

Imma just take this   


  



me trying to fix my life   


  



Alaska   


  



wait you guys are getting texts back?   


  



arendellians at am   

teacher discuss your idea with the person next to you the mf sitting next to me   


  



what if the reason you haven’t found your soulmate is because you have no soul?  

tinder gold   


  



o boi   


  



chill   


  



she’s out there asking the real question   

when the doctor says “show me where it hurts”   


  

 

anon is a thot slayer   


  



you guys are having sex?   


  



I did, and then we fucked   


  



same   


  



stop   


  



when you’re in the hospital thinking you got a fever but the entire Avengers cast come in full costume to visit you   


  



what   


  



most popular google searches by state    


  



shit happens   


  



when you said you were taking it easy and now you’re the drunkest person there   


  



me deciding which people I can send a certain meme to, depending on my knowledge of their meme knowledge   


  



same   


  

 

chill   


  



my neighbors when I’m trying to get in shape for the new year   


  



because fuck the planet!   


  



is it gay if it saves your life?   


  



oddly specific   


  



help   


  



“oh shit bro, the cops are at your house!”   


  



cursed images   


  

 

tinder gold   


  



how to address all religions so nobody gets offended   


  



when you the last person at a party and the couple is waiting for you to leave   


  



I’m this old   


  



Casey and Jonah are having sex while the dads are texting each other   


  



that is fucked up   


  



worth it   


  



chill   


  



that escalated quickly   

what girls telling “I like gentlemen” really want   

bruh   


  



me pinching my nipples to see if they’ll hurt when I get them pierced   


  



and I’m not even mad   


  



this train doesn’t stop for anyone   


  



me after I successfully use a boy for attention and validation without catching feelings   


  



when I’m listening to a new song and tryna decide it goes hard or not   


  



are you deaf? he said no homo   


  



no matter how bad things get I remind myself I could be trapped in a pyramid scheme convinced I’m a business owner  

what’s up   


  



barack & joe memes   


  

 

 
         
 iPhone客户端

what if both dancers are at °   


  



starter packs   


  

 

chill   


  



how to communicate with aliens   

oh no   


  



that “dafuq should I do with this..” look on his face   

did you know that chickens are this loving   

that’s hot   


  



sadness in his eyes   


  

 

you ever been so stressed that you’re calm  

depression is one hell of a drug   


  



when you’re arguing with your girl and her friend jumps in   


  



when you play death metal for your “I listen to everything” friends   


  



friendzone level gayzoned   


  



it’s am and you roll over and see your gf holding your unlocked phone   


  



when the club so lit you gotta make sure you still alive   


  

 

wish I can relate   


  



when someone keeps the conversation going beyond pleasantries   


  



chill   


  



something to think about in the new year   

wholesome   

hank been eating ass   

because the night is dark and full of terrors   

me *faps with left hand*my dick   

nerds   


  



this hits so hard   


  



if only I could use my own advice..   


  



impossible, girls don’t fart   


  



not relatable   


  



men turn into gay when I start sucking their dick   


  



me I need to start making new friends at workalso me at work   


  



thanks for the help   


  



hello darkness my old friend   


  



dogs as people   


  

 

chill   


  



their faces after he made a Jeffrey Epstein didn’t kill himself joke..   

a fox slowly testing a cat and how far it can go to take its food   

cursed images   


  

 

cursed images   


  



when is hot summer and my balls are sticky   

tinder gold   


  



they had me for a while   


  



I’m this old   


  



just a thought   


  



when they taking long to reply so you text them “good night” and they reply “night” in . seconds   


  



when you try to caffeinate yourself but just end up increasing your heart rate while remaining exhausted   


  



you guys are getting compliments?   


  



I always tell them “a friend told me”, I like to lie about having friends   


  



ww memes   


  

 

you deserved it   


  



hold up..   


  



week  summoning. #SideQuest# valid until Jan th .   


  

 

chill   


  



damn that’s a throwback   

when the squad is roasting each other and y’all take it a little too far   

I want to pet this danger cat so badly   

me in  pretending to pray at my religious friends house for dinner   


  



no offense but if I had a dollar for every time I fake laughed at work I wouldn’t need the job any more  

gotta park this here for a second   


  



a noble sacrifice   


  



gay car   


  



please don’t do this   


  



someone wow you’re so easy to talk to! I feel like our personalities fit so well together me thanks I made this one special just for you  

tinder gold   


  



ww memes   


  

 

white women after they say gracias to the waiter at a Mexican restaurant   


  



what about people who make this show   


  



chill   


  



this is how imma be when one of my boys finally has a dumbass lil baby   

how dare you   

that cat is savage   

how I feel writing “thus” in my essay   


  



gym employees on the st week of    


  



so many issues   


  



alright he’ll be the leader   


  



anon likes germany   


  



murder any last words?me please, I have so much to live for.murder really?me lmao no pls hurry up  

when you’re so deep in the friend zone that you’re one of the girls   


  



when you gotta put your parent face on and tell your kid why they can’t call other kids fuckhead   


  



sometimes the chains that prevent us from being free are more mental than physical   


  



tinder gold   


  



chill   


  



G vs.G+ test..but wait   

sometimes both   


  



my balls winced while reading this   


  



 is as far away as    


  



when she comes in drunk but you sober   


  



tinder gold   


  



eddy wtf   


  



trash   


  



c’mon, Daniel   


  



mmm’kay   


  



sorry I’m running late I was leaving my apartment and then accidentally sat down  

same   


  



dude..   


  



wholesome   


  

 

chill   


  



dayyyyuuuum   

choose your siri accent   

me checking my bag of taco bell to make sure they didn’t forget any of the  items I ordered   


  



when someone calls you and you have to wait until it stops ringing to keep using your phone   


  



totally   


  



thank god it’s    


  



it’s okay   


  



[about to get the electric chair]executioner why would you choose this as your last mealme [eating another spoon full of unpopped popcorn kernels] you'll see  

my poop waiting for me to flush while I browse on my phone   


  



I’m this old   


  



me [peeling a banana] may i take ur jacket lolcoworker also in the break room do you think other people can't hear you  

chill   


  



a xmas toy she will never forget   

invited to the wrong kind of party   

this is a threat   


  



I just crunch it and eat it   


  



that is hot   


  



when you turn inward to work on yourself   


  



when an insult goes too far but you don’t want to be the annoying kid who can’t take a joke   


  



he might be me..   


  



I had hair loss before I entered high school   


  



when you realize the only thing changing is the date   

my daily routine   


  



yep   


  



[lights  calendar on fire]“now you can't hurt anyone any more.”[wind blows calendar onto my coat, I'm engulfed in flames]  

can’t believe it’s already  in Australia  

guys check your calendar now! holy shit  

 
         
 iPhone客户端

chill & happy new year   


  



it seems unreal that  is one hour away   


  



saying goodbye is always complicated   

customer can I get some bacon me sure customer can you make it fatty me *holding back tears* bacon isn’t that hard to make  

stop   


  



me leaving  blaming the year and not all my shitty decisions   


  



me finally accepting the fact that I’ll probably be single the rest of my life   


  



that look on his face..   


  



dude..   


  



what the hell is this   


  

 

future me is constantly being fucked over by present me who should have learned better after being fucked over by past me  

my reaction to pretty much everything   


  



me getting ready to act normal at work   


  



been there   


  



imagine working for someone like this   


  



If you start SE of Friends at  PM on December st, you'll begin the year with Chandler saying, "Hi, Emma. It's the year . Are you still enjoying your nap?"  

can confirm   


  



I hate how much I relate to this   


  



chill   


  



strong defense   

me it’s , time to get healthy also me   

kinda gay but okay   


  



only in my wildest fantasy   


  



illegal and wholesome   


  



deal   


  



me being broken but still working because I need money to exist   


  



I see potential in this meme template   


  

 

“the visiting girlfriend” my ass   


  



other way around..   


  



check the back of your neck..   


  



me gently forcing my cat to look at a bug and asking him to catch it for me   


  



me trying to solve my problems   


  



me tryna squeeze out the last few drops of my piss so it doesn’t wet my pants   


  



week () summoning. #SideQuest# valid until Jan th .   


  

 

chill   


  



for those who wasted this year   

this happens to me all the time, not as a prank tho   

goodest boi goes jazzy   

wait..   


  



waking up from a nightmare but your life is an even bigger nightmare   


  



I fear no man. but that thing, it scares me.   


  



when you share a post that says “cut toxic people out of your life” and  people unfollow you   


  



where all the anger and hatred come from?  

tinder gold   


  



they were tho   


  



when you are in a threesome with your homie and his girl and he starts spreading your cheeks   


  



block her   


  



my dog after I explain that what I’m eating isn’t for dogs   


  



[i arrive in hell]satan welcomeme thanks what's with the fork lolsatan it's a pitchfork shut upme ooo i'm so scared what are u gonna do eat a big salad lmaosatanmesatan [i arrive in super hell]  

 y/o girls after doing goth makeup for the first time   


  



chill   


  



grandpa confused the video game “Minecraft” with “Mein Kampf”   

this is the future of transportation   


  



he’s not invited to the next family gathering   

this editing deserves a prize   

when you trying to get the dorito crumbs out the bag but tilt it a little too high   


  



that dog is  problems   


  



wow   


  



me and my sibling sitting in silence, processing the family trauma we just witnessed   


  



sounds like security questions..she’s trying to hack you   


  



when you’re dead inside and sick of life.. but at least there are cats.   


  



I hope they get married   

chill   


  



he enjoys the chaos   

remember when you wanted what you currently have?  

cursed images   


  



sounds like mommy issues to me   


  

 

mood   


  



score   


  



homies are for doing stuff with   


  



chill   


  



Queen Elizabeth knows bad vibes when she sees it   


  



it’s always the raccoons   

-year-old swipes tinder for toy boys   

me waiting outside my friends house to see if his mom will let him play   


  



I’ve honestly never had  month go by this fast before   


  



if you don’t take pics like this, are you even in love?   


  



when I push people away that I actually liked bc of poor communication skills   


  



a mom helping her kids beat a hard level in Super Mario land, s   


  



Interstellar  years challenge   


  



anon has a wholesome Christmas   


  



that’s deep, anon   


  



a true genius   


  



you guys got paid to be a virgin?   


  



penis fetish is not gay   


  



chill   


  



my family picking me up from the airport for the holidays   

when things were going well but you can see her slowly lose interest in you everyday   

Santa wasn’t ready for this   

I do that all the time..   


  



I feel bad for pink is the new black   


  



I wear it because I’m balding   


  



“girls talk in a higher pitch to guys they like.”girls talking to me   


  



big relate   


  



when your gf takes off her top but the antidepressants have killed your sex drive   


  



I feel called out   


  



I need to go to Finland   


  



no exceptions   


  



chill   


  



who’s your daddy now?   

I don’t know why but I understand   

he’s got the spirit at least   

should’ve said yes   


  



this has been my energy for years   


  

 

boomer humor   


  



Matt creepy af   


  



ugh chicken fuckers   


  



my worst fear   


  



Starbucks is gay   


  



things you should know about penguins   


  



that calculator gotta be huge   


  



literally   


  



relationship goals   


  



chill   


  



how actors in movies eat their food   

Tremendous   

Einstein of sex   


  



that tortoise still has more sex than I do   


  



when she says “choke me daddy” and you get a little carried away   


  



me thinking about my future at AM   


  



r.i.p   


  



bruh   


  



“sorry my cars a little messy just push it to the side hehe xoxo“   


  



when you tell her to shave her p***y and you wake up bald   


  



gym companies on the st of January    


  



damn   


  



a man buying cigarettes from his hospital bed, s.   


  



sometimes I fall for the lies again and again   


  



week  summoning. #SideQuest# valid until Dec th .   


  

 

chill   


  



that has to be the best pirate I’ve ever seen   

first  seconds I didn’t know what to expect   

the worst kind of person   


  



anon has worth   


  



Beethoven I can’t hear youuu   


  



that floor looks nicely polished tho   


  



it really do be that way   


  



when you were just fake-moaning but then he starts tagging you in memes about killing the p***y   


  



that hurts to read   


  



what the Star Wars fanbase desperately needs   


  



no but I’m about to   


  



I don’t care if he goes through my phone. if he wants to ruin his day, that’s on him   


  



chill   


  



when we’re pregaming and my bestie says she doesn’t feel like going out   

just found out that windows  had an anime ad   

gf don’t drink too much at your first Christmas party at your new jobme   

me in any aquarium trying to make personal connections with the fish   


  



“oh so he promised you the world? where tf did you think the rest of us were gonna live, bitch?!”   


  



me getting over a guy I didn’t even date   


  



this is the “I don’t get paid enough for this shit” face   


  



when someone’s about to open your computer but you don’t remember what website you have up   


  



let’s do it   


  

 

wholesome   


  

 

trump’s impeachment colorized ()   


  



don’t do that   


  



chill   


  



they have created a monster   

too honkin’ cold   

I swear the pupper just nodded   

why do that when I can passive-aggressively hint at what’s wrong and assume you can read my mind   


  



art of the deal   


  



when he’s uncircumcised but you got bills to pay   


  



when you’re getting on perfectly fine with life for once and then your mental illness suddenly resurfaces out of no where   


  



nothing stops him from enjoying Christmas   


  



levels of white anger, ranked) “Son of a gun”) “Alllllright, bucko”) “You just hold your horses”) “Well now wait just a minute”) “Newsflash pal”) “Listen here buddy”  

*homosexuality was declassified as a disease in *people in    


  



campaign manager kissing babies seems creepy, let’s do something elsejoe biden   


  

 

should I trust alex?   


  



chill   


  



it’s never too late to learn   


  



donald is like Santa Claus   

gotcha   


  



anon meets their favorite candidate   


  



oh   


  



wholesome   


  



same   


  



anon asked girl out   


  



being married is mostly pointing out that the other person is always using their phone during the small window where you’re not using yours  

cursed images   


  



that was awkward   


  



you’re a lucky guy   


  



chill   


  



pulp fiction dance class   

those girls got some moves   

I guess that’s what I would do too   


  



unzipped fly adds another layer to this   


  



I am female and I can confirm   


  



that’s fucked up   


  



and people say cooking is hard   


  



an Ivan in training   

meth is a hell of drug   

she’s perfect   


  



boss you know what’s weird me how the flintsones celebrate Christmas even tho they live in , b.c?boss how the flin— yes exactly  

Jesus was hella gay   


  



assuming cartoon characters age in real timeEric Cartman is Ash Ketchum is Spongebob is Homer Simpson is Hank Hill is Scooby Doo died  years ago  

chill   


  



stop reminding me every  minutes about this damn update tonight! wtf TimCook   


  



it’s a radio you muppet   

I wonder what he would say about a    

honestly surprised this is the first time it’s happened..   


  



let me guess, Australia?   


  



watching porn in fax would be a disaster   


  



damn   


  



unexpected wholesome   


  



the glass has the same refractive index as the liquid   

when your friend gets her heart broken by a guy and now’s your chance to gay her   


  



be like Thor   


  



maybe   


  



Pope Francis visited a Catholic shrine in Loreto where he repeatedly withdrew his hand as a line of people tried to kiss his ring   

chill   


  



imagine dying and this is playing in the background   

every morning doggo waits for his girls to get on bus   

as a registered virgin I can confirm   

saving a fallen surfer from a huge wave   

I would deadass just stare at her   

“yeah man, it’s warm outside”   


  



i have no self-esteem but i do have an ego  

[first day as police sketch artist]her he was about ’ ”me ok we’ll I’m going to need more paper  

cursed images   


  



fuckin whites with their education n shit!   


  



a price to pay   


  



would love to go back   


  



week  summoning. valid until Dec nd . #SideQuest#   


  



chill   


  



TV gold right here   

me when I plan a conversation in my head vs. when I speak   

the French making fun of the police   

“This is the weirdest stop ever, bro”   

well damn   

fake and gay   

just look at it   


  



please don’t do that   


  



someone’s got a fetish   

you may have won the battle but not the war   


  



find someone who cares about you as much as gmail cares about new devices signing into your account  

when you come out the dressing room and your mom be like "let me see, turn around"   


  



chill   


  



[on a date]me I want to be buried under a large oak tree, give my body back to the earthhim that’s so sweetme no I mean right now  

just some extra depression   

dancing is what to do   

I want that shit   

niggas be like “I’m the best at talking to the hoes”   

when she asks when you’re gonna pull out   


  



I tend to give good relationship advice   


  



when an old lady says “young man you’re handsome, girls must be crazy over you”   


  



the power of the black turtleneck   


  



chill   


  



chug the cow   

love is beautiful   

“I just wanna fork my brother!”   

chill   


  



me in the club bathroom with a girl I met  minutes ago   

the way the light reflects through the water   

don’t scare a British man holding his tea   

pure evil   


  



when your human yells at you to stop licking your butt, but then you see him licking someone else’s   


  



dads realizing they can say “see you next decade”   


  



appropriate response   


  



this is fucked up in so many ways   


  



when your mom says that the guests are gone and you can finally leave your room   


  



so Monday is gay   


  



Florida’s civil war uniform   


  



me trying to make friends with other moms at the playground like   


  



chill   


  



this gets me every time   

you died   

I want a kiss from jeff   


  



drawings so ugly that destroy your dreams   

me listening to my whole family downstairs talking shit about me   


  



I’m a weirdo   


  



dads when they’re trying to get the waiter’s attention   


  



cursed images   


  



okay   


  



yeah..take that, thirsty bitch   


  



chill   


  



ghost riders in the sky   

how girls sync up their periods   

welcome to customer service sweetheart   

good ol’ neighborhood   

oh..   


  



shut up and take my money   


  



hey fetus   


  



when your mom tells you to just ask her out   


  



crazy   


  



tinder gold   


  



chill   


  



violence in Canada   

wasn’t the smartest play call   

men be like   


  

 

she tried to pour it back..   

he has a point   


  



there is just so much power in this image   


  



kidnapper we have your sondad let me speak with himkidnapper go ahead you’re on speakerdad dumbass  

this is so hard   


  



the good old days   


  



me *washing a big knife* my brain stab yourself   


  



maybe global warming isn’t so bad   


  



week  summoning. valid until Dec th . #SideQuest#   


  



chill   


  



full respect to the guy who lives at No.    

Amen   


  



“banene”   

don’t tell me what to do   


  



why your dad’s friend Doug finds out you just got your license   


  



I can never be happy   


  



when your parents go through your phone’s search history just after you cleared it   


  



chill   


  



coffee porn   

time has wings   


  



when your friends are making plans without you and you gotta act like you don’t care   


  



anon smiled to himself   


  



when your mom finally goes out and you can be yourself   


  



when you avoid your little cousin who’s visiting for Christmas but he somehow finds your room   


  



it be like that   


  



what a hero   


  



“Table for  please. Jeff and sit by himself lol”“Haha jk there’s  of us”   


  



chill   


  



those kids just rocked   

he can’t roll over   

me Sorry guys, my parents told me I have to get off the xbox in  minutesme  minutes later   

only in Russia   


  



“Don’t worry! They’re also .”   


  



level  white dad move   


  



gotta watch out for those podcast groupies   


  



*cries in loneliness*   


  



no way..   


  



god dammit jerry   

chill   


  



andrew yang’s campaign manager..   

Jack Nicholson is living my dream life   


  

 

punish him   


  



tinder gold   


  



his wife left him so he replied by sending her this video   

when you put your pride aside and message them..but get left on read   


  



when you walking down the pedophile block so you gotta disguise yourself as an old man to not get molested   


  



we don’t have to do this   


  



interesting..   


  



chill   


  



when a close friend venting to you about a situation where they were entirely in the wrong   

me being escorted out the girls sleepover when they find out I’m not gay   

me, enjoying my life being a dumb bitch   


  



same   


  



tinder gold   


  



I did this several times   


  



caught gossiping about trump..   

she  you’re the first guy who has managed to enter my heartme *outside her heart*    


  



therapist you're overthinkingme what if-therapist don't me WHAT IFtherapistme what if everyone else is underthinking  

damn   


  



wholesome   


  



chill   


  



men don’t understand signals   

you forgot the bait   


  



when the relatable meme is funny but hits one of your biggest insecurities   


  



I’m wondering if he drives a BMW   


  

 

that escalated quickly   


  



free them   


  



thank god   


  



me trying to explain my role in society   


  



relatable   


  



*play hide and seek*mom, standing in front of a cupboard your brother went that way!me   


  



dude is not ok   


  



I’m ready   


  



chill   


  



my brain hurts now   


  

 

well..   


  



feels good, bro   


  



that’ll work   


  



disgusting   


  



friend I wish you weren’t so judgmental me   


  



“We can do this the easy way, or we can do it huawei.”  

the last molecule of serotonin in my brain doing its best to make sure I have a good day   


  



I’m not married yet   


  

 

week  summoning. valid until Dec th . #SideQuest#   


  



chill   


  



cure for depression   

wholesome   


  



nice try   


  



cursed images   


  



when life becomes meaningless and you are done with everything   


  



she has a great sense of humor   


  



he had my vote   


  



what..   


  



chill   


  



when David Attenborough narrates Black Friday chaos   

oh, the sidewalk is shoveled?   

wholesome   


  



when your pet starts staring at something that isn’t there   


  



the waiter’s face when you’re debating about what kind of food to eat   


  



you’re really not that interesting   

[cooking thanksgiving dinner]mom *serving up* sorry, it didn't come out wellme it looks amazingmom I was hoping for betterme *eating* it's delicious mom I'm so sorryme *serving myself more* I love it mom just fuckin throw it out  

chill   


  



a look back at gaming in    

breaks mah heart   

why she bouncing   

men are dogs   


  



I’d still smack it   


  



too depressed for thanksgiving   


  



sweeet   


  



well..   


  



chill   


  



that accuracy   


  



car emojis review   


  



when you’re stuffing your face at thanksgiving and someone says, “slow down, nobody gonna take that from you.”   


  



dude   


  



chill   


  



accurate   


  



you can see the disappointment in his eyes http//t.cn/AigboIt  

I’m this old   


  



I mean..he didn’t say no   


  



I am uncomfortable   


  



the serums on my skincare shelf watching me bring home another one   


  



me trying to impress my crush with absolutely no conversational or flirting skills at all   


  



chill   


  



could someone please pay 孙宇晨 to shut the fuck up  

right ladies?   


  



mom just tell me the truth, I won’t be madme *tells the truth*mom   

cursed images   


  



when you’ve wasted your entire life being a good girl with morals, but these hoes still got a husband before you   


  



the goodest boi   


  



lifehack   


  



YouTube when I watch a  minutes ad because it’s interesting   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



sings motherfuckingly   

asking a couple where they had sex last time   

only in florida   


  



noice   


  

 

now I have something to do   


  



I guess you’ll die   


  

 

same   


  



not wrong   


  



him I can't decide whether to invite you to my partyme *slips him some money* what about now )him Ok fine! I won't invite youme Thank you!  

week  summoning. valid until Dec st . #SideQuest#   


  



chill   


  



everybody cheers for a guy loosing his virginity in Amsterdam   

no I keep focusing on my dirty thoughts   


  



turns out i actually have a lot of anxiety for someone who says i dont give a fuck constantly  

daddy are you out there  

chill   


  



when they finally open the doors on Black Friday   

may god save that poor man’s soul   


  



*having sex*her be gentle * minutes in*her okay hit me with a brick  

[me about to delete ‘system ’]my PC   


  



your soul   


  



chill   


  



I’m stuck in that phase forever   


  



this made me realize how depressing my life is   

nerd   


  



how close I am to quitting my job and becoming a stripper   


  

 

dude..   


  



when you’re just one turn away from solving the Rubik’s cube   


  



when someone gives you their opinion so you start looking for where you asked   


  



same   


  



week  summoning. valid until nov.th .I updated the guidebook, please take a look. I also gave this drinking game a name..   


  



chill   


  



gotcha   


  



walking past the coworkers you don’t know   


  



he’s going wherever the owls take him   


  



chill   


  



me after reading one chapter of a psychology book and start analyzing and unpacking the people around me   


  



if I say fuck it, I fuck it   


  



imagine having sex and she starts barking   

sorry I replied the very second you texted. I have no life or shame  

if an employer ever says “We’re like a family here” what they mean is they’re going to ruin you psychologically  

they’re on it   


  



chill   


  



a drinking game with zero social pressure   


  



chill   


  



that shit hurted   


  

 

when you have some new tea for the group chat   


  



imagine we put “the legend of ” and “titanic” in one movie  

me turning up to class with nothing but a pen and perfume   


  

 

friend you look stressedme haha yeah it’s the stress  

it’s a revolution   


  



this is what happens when you swallow gum   


  



oh I see   


  



the classics   

nobody  NBA players dating the same  girls in LA    

you are not watching him, he is watching you   


  



Michael Caine everyone   


  



he pees blue   


  



Felila u legend   


  



Bing wild   


  



sperm banks in November   


  



you know you failed if your teacher handed your paper back like this   


  



that is one sad doggo   


  



when you’re in the middle of something but your mom insists you stop and take a picture   


  



chill   


  



what a beautiful language they have   


  



she sends signals   


  



“You’re a lucky man” is a nice way of telling a guy you’d bang his gf   


  



when you thought she was out of your league but somehow you smashed   


  



her I like a guy who uses toys during sex me *shoots nurf gun at her butthole during sex*her   


  



rabbit emoji review   


  



when you’re giving him throat but he starts thrusting   


  



me in the meeting wondering how they got the big table through the door   


  



me  mins after getting to work   


  



jesus[on the cross] I hope you guys make some cool necklaces about this  

guys know what they want   


  



chill   


  



Pink Floyd is love   

sex education in the s hit different   

cozy winter wonderland in Switzerland   

I understand everything he said   

me after any minor inconvenience   


  



catch a falling bear   

[the perfect date]me how is a girl like you single her I’m a complete psycho lolme [I laugh nervously but also get a boner]  

how married women initiate sex just stick your butt in his direction when lying in bed.  

life is just you have a childhood and then you spend the rest of your life unpacking it  

slavic science   


  



this person has nothing else better to do   

felt that   


  



that’s deep   


  



when an introvert makes a joke in class and everyone laughs   


  



kids be like ngudksowkmdcjcme huh?their mom he said he want some chips  

everyone on the bus thinks that they are the main character, when in reality the main character is the bus  

eBay treasures   


  



chill   


  



care to explain this? TheRock_Johnson   


  



there is honestly nothing better than when you’re full on laughing with someone and you both keep on adding things in which makes it funnier and you can barely breathe  

pack of wolves howling   

stepsisters during No Nut November   


  



epic battle for survival   

he is too powerful   

I like to establish dominance on the first date by yawning  

*computer freezes*me *open task manager**computer unfreeze*   


  



be careful with ur vibrators, ladies   


  



[starts Power Point presentation titled "Why I'm Breaking Up With You"]him wait, what the--?me please hold all questions until the end.  

“..please don’t make me tell you why.”   


  



why is it called a midlife crisis and not a hey i finally know what I want and this bullshit isn't it  

what’re you doing stepbro?   


  



I used to feel sorry for people eating lunch by themselves but now I feel sorry for the people eating lunch with other people.  

therapist so what's troubling you?me there should be a comma between Hey and Jude.  

I feel powerless every time Li JiaQi tells my wife what lipstick shade suits her  

chill   


  



telling people to go fuck themself is a form of self care  

me [buying cheap wine] I’m just gunna go home and watch Netflix, I don’t need the expensive stuff lolcashier lol yeah same here me let’s get married cashier what?me what?  

dear Linked-in I don’t want to congratulate people on their work anniversaries. it’s not something normal humans do.  

when you both finish and you just lie in bed analysing   

how to break up a cat fight   

jeans are formal wear   


  



“So do you have any skills that would make you an asset to this company”me   


  



but how?   


  



just a Russian and his pet   

that man is a genius   


  



when she say choke me daddy but she underestimate your power   


  



the chosen one has arrived   


  



internet in a nutshell   


  



TaylorSwift you totally missed those  pieces of uniqlo underwears on sale  

uniqlo is the biggest scam  

internet right now   

chill   


  



fan Lana can you please call me poor?Lana Del Rey You're pooor.   

chick-fil-a at it again   

being a step-brother in    

anon put a smile face   


  



it be like that   


  



well, at least they’re the same age   


  



It’s basically deep fried   


  



that sounds sexy   


  



date it's getting dark. it's kinda scary. you'll have to protect me ;)me it's okay [stomps feet activating the lights on my shoes] i got you  

loud & clear   


  



my wife of  years *texts me*my brain don’t answer right away you’ll look desperate  

yet here we are   


  



same tbh   


  



me to my husband I’m not in the mood tonight, let’s do it in the morning my husband the next morning as soon as I open my eyes   


  



five seconds, Mr. Marsh   


  



chill   


  



that whisper tho   

visual representation of my brain   

wholesome   


  



“Because I’m worth it.”- me, turning the thermostat up one degree  

when you try to cope with your problems by joking about it and then someone says “you shouldn’t joke about things like that”   


  



from “Lost”   


  



MOM!  I’m starving!  

he’s really taking that pocket to its limits   


  



hobbies-being left alone  

Russell Crowe is my spirit animal   


  



oh gawd   


  



totally normal   


  



fill up your refrigerators with pork & wait   


  



chill   


  



carpet % off - IKEA   

waiting for it   

wholesome   


  



me babe I nuttedher   

me when my boss sees that my coworker and I email all day about hating everyone and wanting to quit   

- but Sandy, you don’t even have Netflix..- ...   


  



cursed images   


  



honest boots   


  



biggest lie I tell myselfI’ll throw the empty bottle of shampoo away after I get out of the shower.  

can I axe u a question   


  



vibe check. everybody stay where you are.   


  



here’s ur 👑   


  



he ded   


  



ur son gay   


  



not cool   


  



chill   


  



almost had it   

axe *invented in  BC*people in  BC   

when it’s been five minutes and she’s still typing   


  



No Nut November day    


  



my therapist you’re afraid to be an impositionme[putting an empty coffee cup in my bag instead of asking for a trash can] me?  

forever  worker *turns *manager what the fUCK ??????  

the most formal conversation on tinder   


  



gay friend zone   


  



why is women censored..   


  



if you’re ever dealing with impostor syndrome or self-doubt, just remember that Apple went for it and really made a mouse that charges like this   


  



when I walk in the bathroom and see dudes at the urinal peeing with their pants down and cheeks out   


  



tinder gold   


  



that’s what a stripper would say   


  



feed him   


  



dad *pumping gas*mom the smell of this gas is giving me a headache me in the back seat   


  



chill   


  



damn   


  



him I’ve changed also him   


  



kinky   


  



me too bag, me too   


  



it’s a poison flower   


  



what 滴滴顺风车 wants after PM   


  



coworker "i know this really cool gay guy, do you know him?"me "dude it's not a club. we don't all know each other because we're gay."coworker [shows picture]me "oh. that bitch."  

nobodysweaters   


  



they ded   


  



that’s evil   


  



I self-partnered in the shower this morning   


  



hotel California is about California   


  



fish eating Australians unknown to science   


  



i’ve seen your likes. you’re horny  

my cig just listened to billie eilish and now she’s acting different   


  



chill   


  



if you close your eyes you disappear   

bus station   


  



thank you   


  



that’s deep   


  



I do that with towels   


  



bruh   


  



tinder gold   


  



actual footage of my th alarm going off on a Monday   


  



well..   


  



so brave for coming out publicly   


  



yep   


  



ignorance is a choice   


  



depression is like “i’m always here for you baby”  

hooters was really like what if we made sexual harassment a restaurant  

very educational actually   


  



chill   


  



the marks on his hand..   

“Where do you see yourself in  years?”   


  



same   


  



and then come right back for another   


  



we all know where it comes from   


  



feels like a threat   


  



when you stop being shy around new people but start getting annoying   


  



me going outside for the first time after a couple days of self isolating, disassociating and looking at memes   


  



bruh   


  



yes you are   


  



when you’re trying to tell the last couple in the club you are closed   


  



when you finally get a day off and people keep bothering you   


  



google when you log into your gmail on another device   

chill   


  



as a male on tinder   


  



mating dance   

when he asks for memes instead of nudes   


  



depression-be-gone   


  



I can’t even..   


  



Alaska king looks like a party   


  



No Nut November’s going well so far   


  



gender neutral   


  



when he said he was into BDSM so now you’re all tied up and he says ‘ight, lemme go get the cactus’   


  



what was that   


  



💃 💃 🔥   

Scrubs “hey ya”   

I’m wet   


  

 

*on a first date*me don’t be weird also me   


  



chill   


  



the send button exists for a reasonthe repost button exists for a reason too  

chuck testa   

my mom nobody helps me in the house also my mom when someone tries to help   

what a showoff   


  



just no   


  



tinder gold   


  



that feels sad   


  



all milk is breastmilk   


  



couple=, few=, handful=-, bunch=-   


  



what the duck is this shit   


  



oh gawd   

chill   


  



i’m obsessed with this video   

is there no one else?   

some of y’all crying over guys that look like this   🧢👁👁   👃🏻  👂    —   🔒   👕    ||👟👟  🛹  

where’s my Oscar for acting like everything is fine  

this is how traditions start   


  



me every day   


  



police brutality   


  



what a retard   


  



live fearlessly   


  



hentai artists while making a sex scene   


  



delicious   


  



poor doctor   


  



fabulous   


  



look at that booty   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



relatable   


  



“what’s taking him so long in the bathroom?”   

I have to touch it   


  



poor guy   


  



don’t go with the humans, brother   


  



plot twist it’s not a costume   


  



it’s his gaming shirt   


  



here’s your hot   


  



thanks   


  



“try playing a sport it will help with your depression”me   


  



that’s why, can’t be nothing else   


  



*me trying to figure out which button is the real download button*   


  



where the legend begins   

oh gawd   


  



that’s deep   


  



chill   


  



cucumber sandwich   

damn straight   


  



take an item that is about to expire and place it into another container without an expiration date to make it last forever   


  



when someone tries to fix their toxic partner   


  



millennials when they see “warning choking hazard” on a product   


  



every time I hear those fake-ass rappers say ‘keep it real’   


  



I’m cool with that   


  



Your mom at home praying for your safety  VS. You drunk in the middle of the road at  am   


  



at  I’m like an old phone battery, even when you charge me overnight for  hrs, I’m still at % by am  

me putting on sad music when I’m sad to make it worse   


  



sometimes I go through my gallery of A+ memes and gifs on my phone and I wonder, did I save them or did they save me   


  



me leaving the pet shop after teaching all the parrots the N word   


  



he has a lot of choices to make   


  



Aye Aye Captain! *bends over*   


  



please microwave my brain   


  



chill   


  



ok..but wtf is a business week   


  



when I see my crush who doesn’t know they’re my crush flirt with someone else   

dads watching videos on full volume with no regard for anyone else in the room   


  



living the dream I want to die   


  



I’m the wrong person   


  



TimCook what I need is AirPods Amateur  

anon is hungry   


  



poor Bob Dylan   

best toys..   

no sound yet powerful   


  



anon played himself   


  



Ron is pussy   


  



how I feel on Monday at work after making bad decisions all weekend   


  



sums it up   


  



I have been standing alone my whole life   


  



did he just break all  of his legs for a costume   


  



chill   


  



Kanye’s album be like   

I’m the green shirt guy   

please also put your cocks back tho   


  

 

[first day as tour guide]me to ur left you’ll see a whalegirl that’s a killer whaleme ya it’s fuckin sick  

cursed images   


  



yea sex is great, but have you ever been shown respect by people you’ve never met - because your friend told them about you   


  



he vibing   

anon goes to the gym   


  



that look on your face when you see your bag of coke stuck to your phone which you’ve just given to someone to take a photo of you and your parents. don’t do drugs, kids.   


  

 

a hero   


  



nice cock bro, awesome balls!   


  



sounds like an okay bloke to hang with   


  



the plants growing in the back really got me   

art   


  



I do that every time   


  



chill   


  



that’s a forking parachute   


  



the thirst is real   


  



I’m in love..   


  



Brazil is south Russia   

determined doggo   

anon hopes to make his friend proud   


  



John Denver & Johnny Cash - Country Roads   

why   


  



when mother calls you down to eat luncheon but lo she has once again played you for a fool, as the meal is not ready to be consumed, how could you have been so naive   


  



and JPEG stands for Joint Photographic Experts Group..   


  



he knew he fucked up the moment he grabbed those bars   

disappointment   


  



when you hear a song that takes you back to when things were simpler and you actually felt alive, but now you worry almost constantly and struggle to find meaning or happiness in anything   


  



friendship goals   


  



substitute teacher - Key & Peele   

chill   


  



instagram models selling their fitness plans   


  



my mom and I eating together after having a heated argument and she called me disappointing and a disgrace to the family   

poor manager   


  



what a shock   


  



if (robot.isEvil == True) { eyes.turnRed() };   


  



he’s right you know   

she looks like a cocktail   


  



I’m a virgin and I’m retarded   


  



we all have peaked   


  



I think I’m going to go vegan after seeing this   

it hurts too much   


  



when you take your first viagra as a  year old   


  



[me minding my business at Walmart]mother with child acting up “if you don’t behave, that man right there is gonna take you..”me   


  



just a normal wedding   

Amen   


  



chill   


  



about bears   


  



they sure do gossip a lot   

chicken farmer laughs like a chicken   

I do that every time   

here’s some good news   

don’t put a finger in Uranus   

John Lennon’s acidic wit   

just Mexican things   

wait a second..   


  



just science   


  



cheetah voice   

why not   


  



is this gay?   


  



friend What did your wife do just before she had the baby?me She went "FUUUUUUUUCK!" and a bit of poo came out.friend I meant work wise.me oh, book keeping.  

water slut   


  



Jiang YiYan can do what she wants in my comment sections  

chill   


  



[first day as pilot]me [looking down nervously]what are all these buttons for？co-pilot they keep your shirt closed  

kinda man I should be attracted to   


  



Justin ruined it   


  



weird flex but ok   


  



what if I am the trash   


  



Portuguese we’re just here to trade a few thingsJapanese   


  



imagine applying for a job and they find your twitter account and see this tweet   


  



. for me   


  



chad move   


  



oh gawd   


  



speech 💯   


  



me to god   


  



it hurts   


  



that’s how you get a second nude   


  



当当创始人李国庆 goodnite  

chill   


  



man we don’t deserve dogs   

confirmed   


  



brrrro   


  



car check lights   


  



me *grows . cm*my grandma   


  



that’ll be me   


  



that’s deep   


  



cursed images   


  



about living in Switzerland   


  



he’s a good listener   


  



but who is it offering the soup to?   


  



that’ll solve it   


  



it’s painful   


  



but why is everyone yelling   


  



wholesome thanos   


  



chill   


  



this gem again   

I would always make sure to not laugh   


  



where it all started   

actual footage from Apple development center   

headphones   

wholesome ghost   


  



do you think god stays in heaven because he’s scared of what he created?   


  



dammit, now I want a sprite   


  

 

no   


  



drunk student’s convo with a professor   


  

 

man I feel that shit   


  



ladies am I right?   


  



what a legend   


  

 

being vegan is hard   


  



that’s deep   


  



this account hates the moon so much   


  

 

chill   


  



and then they fucked   

how to win America’s Got Talent   

bro you got a weak mouth   


  



my crush *references Game of Thrones*me, never having seen it   

be there or be sgr   


  



we don’t deserve dogs   

fake and gay   

I just eat   


  



same   


  



take care of your mental health   


  



when she says she wants to try annal for the first time, but then she says bend over   


  



man I need this   


  

 

woof woof   


  



my friend and I before vs. after realizing everyone was waiting on us so the teacher can talk   


  



chill   


  



it be like that   


  



that girl is in a different dimension   

daily routine   


  



caught a fish using his thumb as bait   

wonder what’s in that bag   

was this review helpful?   


  



I’m just chilling   


  



bipolar doggo   

the sadness never ends   


  



how I look asking people to close my door when they leave my room   


  



tinder gold   


  



bipolar kitty   

relatable   

wholesome   

just kill me already   


  



chill   


  



my liver watching me open the whisky bottle without a glass in sight   


  



it be like that   


  



mother isn’t very proud   


  



what is this stuff   

they caught our boy   


  



then it’s time to ask for nudes   


  



time for a shot   

the best impressionist you will ever see   

another reason why I’m still a virgin   


  



wtf Eric   


  



oh gawd   


  



damn table, u thicc   


  



actually laughed   


  



when you’re tryna sneeze but ya nose playing games   


  



when you run into your homie from high school and you’ve both gone down completely different paths but the love is still there   


  



chill   


  



plot twist guy in the hoodie is the boyfriend   

when you like it rough but you can’t breathe   


  



beautiful poem   


  



keep it coming sis   


  



I hope when I die, it’s early in the morning so I don’t go to work that day for no reason  

it’s science   


  



“We should be using paper straws instead of plastic!””We should be using metal straws instead of plastic!”me, an intellectual   


  



set him free please   


  



I hate when someone rings my doorbell because then I have to drop whatever I’m doing to be silent and pretend I’m not home  

penis usually   


  



o hell nah   


  



damn   


  



when he asks you what do you want to eat like you’re supposed to know   


  



“Marriage isn’t easy.”-every religious couple who got married a couple years after high school and are about to make a long social media post nobody asked for  

chill   


  



man’s warning for others after being approached by pervert   

time to post this gem again   

probably because ur boring af   


  



unreal   


  



it be like that   


  



when my boss walks by while a customer complains   


  



cursed images   


  



a lot of people don’t know this, but you can workout and not tell anyone  

wholesome   


  



that’s deep   


  



interesting   


  



free him!   


  

 

that makes me sick   


  



when you're swimming along just fine but then you realize that your existence is completely and utterly meaningless.   


  



he was in the Mummy   


  



nice   


  



wholesome   


  



any sponsors? pls get me some sponsors  

chill   


  



you’re stealing my nuts   

when you crack a joke about your mate but you take it that one step too far and it’s not banter anymore   


  



don’t ever let a recipe tell you how much garlic to put in. you measure that with your heart  

how to say “you got me fucked up” in corporate email lingo   


  



don’t forget whom you work for   


  



when she likes you, but as a friend..   


  



anon’s devilish plan   


  



half the population of Australia represented in red   


  



my world just literally crashed   


  



when you post depression memes as a cry for help but no one cares   


  



“Sorry for the late response” is my email signature  

I don’t give a shait   


  



I am afraid   


  



let him burn   


  



it happens   


  



chill   


  



the legend   

she wants the d   


  

 

big brain   


  



“Hol up, let me check its anus real quick. It might not be dangerous.”   


  



I answer for no one   


  



when you block him while he’s still typing   


  



💄💅🏿💅🏿   


  



me after taking  years of Spanish classes   


  



choices..   


  

 

that’s very beautiful   


  



me vs. windows update   


  



wholesome   


  



SCHRÖDINGER Hi boySCHRÖDINGER'S DOG Don't even fucking think about it  

cursed images   


  



when I’m about to leave the apartment but hear my neighbor in the hallway so I quietly wait to avoid any human interaction   


  



chill   


  



this works every time   

I call this art   

me on tinder at am   


  



it’s a short term solution for a long term issue   


  



what the fork did I read?!   


  



when his meme game is weak   


  



me in a relationship   


  



special designed bed for married couples after  years   


  



Step , learn keytar. Step , get babes.   


  



when an introvert tries to socialize   


  



it be like that   


  



tinder gold   


  



why women kill Gemini man?why women kill? Gemini man.why? women kill Gemini man.Gemini, why women kill man?   


  

 

chill   


  



if you don’t want it I’ll take it   

I hate it   

pornstar oh my god, we’re in public, I hope we don’t get caught also the pornstar   

cursed images   


  



how to die    


  



today is the day   


  



horses kick the hell out of you   


  



GTA pedestrians seeing me driving towards them at mph   


  



the law of the giants   


  



me looking back at my numerous breakdowns throughout the year   


  



just get here fast mom   


  



I have rules   


  



when you’re singing a song and suddenly your idiot friend starts singing it too   


  



 days without a dad joke   


  



chill   


  



when someone I have plans with asks me if I want to cancel   

pupper having an argument with its owner   

big mood   


  



no lives matter   


  



quality literature   


  



I’m no -trip bitch   


  



five guys choking a dude without touching hands cause that’s gay   


  



I would pay for this   


  



mom...stop   


  



when you’re trying to DJ but everyone keeps requesting their favorite songs   


  



bruh   


  



daily routine   


  



chill   


  



that’ll shut em up   

she right   


  



yep   


  



wait a second...   


  



[waking up from coma]doctor you were in a comame [slides doctor a $] how about you put me back in   


  



true   


  



relatable   


  



cursed images   


  



what I imagine when someone says they’re Pansexual   


  



same   


  



chill   


  



she’s a Gemini   

I always wanted friends like this   

byeah   

Brexit summary in the past half year   


  



I hate it   


  



be nice to ppl   


  



me & my bestie in  years when we convince each other to leave our husbands and move in together   


  



oh shit oh god   


  



my boy Tom is a savage   


  



my mom   


  



I love how straight forward this is   


  



chill   


  



damn good screw   

solid advice   


  



mom thinks because he’s gay and has a headache = HIV   


  



I hate it   


  



when you find out that sex is more than just holding hands   


  



there are  kinds of people   


  



can confirm   


  



when you’re in the middle of watching Joker and someone in the theater is laughing a little too hard   


  



no wonder kids nowadays are so smart   


  



anon isn’t gay   


  



Thomas Jefferson trying to negotiate the Louisiana purchase from the French in    


  



what in the hell did I just read   


  



chill   


  



the big question   

so close but yet so far   

relatable   


  



not all heroes wear capes   


  



me walking into work on a Monday   

chill   


  



wholesome   

girl in the green sweater   

his parents have given up   

this bird has just discovered that golf balls bounce on concrete and he’s absolutely loving it   

windows stop, please   


  



pro gamer move   


  



Anon finds a loophole   


  



that is gay   


  



relationship goals   


  



been there   


  



anger before bargaining though   


  



chill   


  



this video is cancer   

Hol up   

didn’t know  pac was a thing   


  



we’re all just cum pets   


  



hell is other people   


  



when you suspect the French soldier in the other trench has been talking shit about you   


  



cursed images   


  



when you get home from having a rough day and the keys fall while trying to open the door   

oh blyat   


  



chill   


  



first contact   

it be like that   


  



pumpkin spice everything   


  



shut the fork up   


  



chill   


  



it’s coming   


  



what kind of psychopath tastes what they’re cooking like that   

her dad thought she didn’t drink   

wholesome   

the chad Mark vs. the virgin Marc   


  



when you’re more careful managing your money in video games than in real life   


  



porn actress ew, you’re my step brother, I would never do thatalso porn actress   


  



Anon has seen it all   


  



yeah man the fuck up pussy ass bitch   


  



finally someone said it   


  



chill   


  



I see so many fishies   

teacher there are no stupid questionsalso teacher   

bad birdo   


  



this is how little kids stare at you in public areas for no reason   


  



God after he put the male G spot up the butt and then made it a sin to be gay   


  



chill   


  



I want it all   

best lyrics   

modern problems require modern solutions   


  



my brain stab the gaps with your finger me whymy brain you gotta   


  



I feel powerful now   


  



that’s something someone who hasn’t tried dove’s lavender soap would say   


  



[making small talk with my uber drive] do you like me  

he forgot   


  



guess how old Samuel L. Jackson is..wrong, guess again   


  



chill   


  



don’t stand in between a man and his burger   

not gonna lie it’s kind of disturbing   

I’d cuddle tf out of my roommate   


  



when it’s time to show your “proficiency” in Excel   


  



me checking my meat after a questionable one night stand   


  



I always just wished they’d both shut the fuck up   


  



you’re better than this, Dave   


  



he’s doing his best ok   


  



when it’s the end of semester and you close your  tabs and shut your laptop down for the first time in  weeks   


  



chill   


  



we don’t deserve dogs   

cursed images   


  



my brain slap themme why?my brain you gotta   


  



anon is a virgin   


  



waiter *refill friend’s water*friend ...me thank you   


  



when you relate to a post but you can’t expose yourself so you just look at it real hard before losing it in the timeline refresh   


  



when your family hit you with just the right amount of trauma to make you more funny than suicidal   


  



mind blown   


  



I feel swishy   


  



the entire class when the guy in the math question has the same name as you   


  



he actually held the conversation   


  



walter is coming   


  



chill   


  



type of dogs   

that embarrassment is next fuckin level   

when someone asks if I’m going to drink this weekend   

and it’s the same condom every time   


  



classic   


  



it’s for your safety   


  



I’m gonna use that   


  



never trust a person who talks to their pets in their normal voice  

when you won the lottery and your girl says “OMG WE WON”   

if you’re not happy with your life right now, just remember there’s someone meeting your ex right now thinking they found someone special.  

NASA=National Anal Sex Association   


  



it’s really hard being a girl   


  



some people just like to watch the world burn   


  



that is gay   


  



chill   


  



the only one who can save him now   


  



deep throatin pervert   

porn logic   


  

 

same   


  



if you’re an immigrant meth maker, you’re all three   


  



and they say Apple is not innovating anymore   


  



when you jerked off  times but found a better video   


  



my mom welcoming her guests VS. me running to my room so I don’t have to talk to them   


  



 years old me after drinking Coca-Cola in wine glass   


  



the French in    


  



chill   


  



Mr.Bubz is the legend   

plot twist they don’t know each other   

for the first time I’m feeling educated   

not impressed   

imagine having a girlfriend in middle school   


  



thank you yahoo!   


  



chill   


  



when you type restaraunt correctly on the first try   

I’m not virgin enough to understand   

ok..this is stupid   

I want an actual car commercial like this   

the Nokia is a paid actor   

when eating spicy food   


  



a soul for a soul   


  



who remembers unfolding the cassette insert to read the lyrics?   


  



math genius   


  



those gears will never turn   


  



god watching you fall in love with someone he’s gonna use to hurt you for character development   


  



interviewer ...and why did you decide to leave your previous job?me they decided.   


  



when life gives me lemons, I check #tucci# first for some new ideas  

chill   


  



that smile on her face at the end had me dead   

me responding to emails   

I’d actually buy this   

it’s over   


  



he saw the opening and he scored   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



two bears fighting on the side of the road like they just got out of the bar   

when you finally think of a response to an argument you had  weeks ago   


  



how about “just fuck me up, fam”   


  



I’d rather send my semester result   


  



they made sacrifices   


  



when your uber driver is being trailed by the cops and mumbles “I ain’t goin back to prison.”   


  



toddler wanted a dad   


  



when she got a fat ass, good hygiene, nice hair, smells good, smart, and likes the same music as you but ya homeboy already hit and showed you the video   


  



me *drives  kph on the autobahn*German guy behind me   


  



Arya Stark is the only reason Game of Thrones got that Emmy today. change my mind.   


  



I don’t know how to feel about this   


  



maybe it was her imagination   


  



chill   


  



the reason why you need to wear headphones while watching anime   

cursed images   


  



orange man bad   

what would you have me do   

I want to be in the meeting where this idea was proposed   

when you let out a silent fart and you’re waiting for everyone to smell it   


  



me talking to the police outside of Walmart after I saw the floor was wet with no “caution wet floor” sign   

actual footage of me cutting carbs   


  



*me being absent all semester but coming one day before exams to ask teachers to correct my attendance*my teachers   


  



chill   


  



your salary is just your company’s monthly subscription of you  

me leaving the restaurant after ordering a salad instead of fries   

you can really tell how much shit an individual is going through by how aggressively they’re listening to lizzo  

% of Canadians live south of the red line   


  



he sent it back to the chef   

I’m harmless   


  



here’s the real questionwhat’s the point of G when we don’t have access to pornhub?  

me when my friend shows me an ugly guy that she thinks is super attractive   


  



chill   


  



that spit tho..   

very noice   


  



my doctor practicing for my circumcision while I’m in the waiting room   

wolf underestimated the temperature of frozen water   

girls when they finish masturbating *pulls pants up and moves on*boys when they finish masturbating   


  



getting nice comments   

fitting   

Netflix you still there?everyone else vs. me   


  



yes.that’s what failing means..   


  



chill   


  



what is the farthest you’ve ever gone to get laid?   


  



Grandma you’re so handsome, I bet you are very popular and have a lot of girls interested in you!Me   


  



I can relate   


  



those potatoes look good though   


  



you can tell it’s effective   


  



chill   


  



me calmly watching other people’s drama   

well you gotta obey the rules   


  



the pain is real   


  



when ur ready to go to jail but u gotta wait for the cops to stop choking each other   


  



me don’t say itme im serious just say anything elsememe pleasemewhite girl on her birthday another trip around the sun ✨✌️  

son Dad, can you teach me how to use a condom? me Yeah so you just put the drugs in, swallow it, and then poop it out when the plane lands.  

Noah needs to see a therapist   


  

 

big mood   


  



wise words by wise men   


  



he figured me out   


  



Oktoberfest is here   


  



chill   


  



NobodyPeople with an iron deficiency when they stand up too fast   

me listening to my coworkers telling their whole business whilst not revealing a single detail of my own   

relationship goals   

Blacksmith vs. Minotaur   

sarcasm    

it begins   


  



Sir Issac Newton invents homosexuality,    


  

 

cross stitching on a plane   


  



maybe it’s maybelline   


  



he found the perfect spot to escape from the afternoon sun..   


  



when the client takes too long choosing a menu at the counter   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



we don’t deserve dogs   

he was supposed to go to Berkeley   

when you go to strip club in Italy   

this is literally so dope   

when you have no idea how to answer the question on the exam but you refuse to leave it blank..   


  



I need to find a girl who considers me her biscuits   


  



imagine being here when it rains   


  



big brain time   


  



pornhub ad are you single, horny and have a small cock?me   


  



she’s woke   


  



when the last available sit on the bus is beside me and a cute girl decides to stand still   


  



tinder gold   


  

 

chill   


  



Scotland is the Russia of Britain   

that’s why you must not stand too close to royal guard   

in Australia the dangerous part of skydiving begins after the landing   

there, I fix it   

Nancy Sinatra - these boots are made for walkin   

koala chokes on own mating call   

Billie Eillish every  seconds for me. I dunno, it kinda feels like a minuteyo girls   


  



when he says “show me what that body do”   


  



it’s always the ones you least expect   


  



goddamit Bobby   


  



well..   


  

 

chill   


  



her face as she realized what just happened   

rappers nowadays   

when you DM him first   


  



my bestie and I trying a new strategy to make money bc we’re tired of working   


  



me trying to telepathically tell my barber what type of haircut I want because I’m way too introverted   


  



when you flirt a girl without knowing that her boyfriend is the one texting you   


  



okay that’s next level..   


  



dude you destroyed her   


  



haters will say it’s fake   

me living paycheck to paycheck   


  



BangBros Center   


  



holy shit   


  



chill   


  



 people’s band   

polish ad on the highest level   

horde of twerkers   

find a job you love and you’ll never work again   

imagine having a Britney Spears concert in ur living room   

art is getting weird   


  



it’s hard to punish someone who’s got nothing to lose   


  



anon gets a vasectomy   


  



anon is me   


  



easy   


  



me watching people build friendships while I’m afraid to start conversations   


  



I’ll never gather enough courage to even unpack those mooncakes 🥮  

chill   


  



Lady Gaga > Tim Cook   


  



when you live in Alabama and your sister moves out   

I’m this old   


  



the legend   


  



the two ends of lesbian fashion spectrum   


  



wholesome dad   


  



he took what he needed and nothing more   


  



someone cares for anon   


  



me talking shit to the enemy team as my friends carry me through the match   


  



CEO of corporations when they recycle a coke can after dumping  tons of toxic waste into river   


  



when the teacher picks groups and you get the people who don’t know what they’re doing   


  



chill   


  



just guys being dudes   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

there is no escape   


  



he ain’t wrong..   


  



same goes for life   


  



me why do l have a fever, immune system?IMMUNE SYSTEM I increased the temperature of your body because the infections can't survive at C degrees long enoughme but I can‘t survive at C degrees long enough either..IMMUNE SYSTEM   


  



it’s tradition   


  



chill   


  



this is an LA Native introducing themself in any setting   

slavcat   

I’m this old   

please film it   


  



suddenly gay king caught by the queen   


  



some Queen Thoughts   


  

 

me as a detective walking up to look at a dead body ok first of all, big mood,  

Canadian bumper sticker   


  



not blackmail if it’s big   


  



relatable   


  



bold of them to assume college kids won’t take any possible opportunity to skip class   


  



how I be at am watching tasty recipe videos that I will never cook   


  



chill   


  



welcome to Florida   

mom come outside and help get the groceries out of the car   me   

people who use this ‘’ emoji are low-key the most depressed ones  

after I apply my lashes   


  



me getting ready for the outing i said yes to   


  

 

sound about white   


  



what is “San Francisco”?   


  



anon love his son   


  



what’s Spider-Man so ashamed about?   


  



a true introvert introduces their friends to their other friends so that they form a new friend group without the introvert, and thus the introvert is set free  

that leaf blower’s expression is concerning..   


  



imagine her saying no   


  



chill   


  



me setting up my gay friends   

footage of my divorce proceedings   

mood swings   

they vibrate with that rainbow energy   


  



the one that’s most dead on the inside   


  



shit   


  



and I got detention for this   


  

 

lesbian *breathes*straight girl   


  

 

dogs when you feed them the same meal for the ,th time   


  

 

when you tap to make sure your keys, phone, wallet and will to live are on you, but only find your keys, phone and wallet.   


  



that’s gay   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



I think that last one is doing it wrong   

when you get out of the shower and then suddenly realize you've been watching Youtube in a damp towel in bed for  minutes   


  



when you and your baby are tired of each other’s bullshit   


  



tiny rabbit is obsessed with giant girlfriend who’s  times his size   


  



this is the sign that summer is over   

when you get a C+ on your group project   


  



cursed images   


  



why the fork does he have  fingers   


  



Welcome to the Premature Ejaculation Club. A lot of you guys came early. Can't say I’m surprised   


  



worth it   


  



chill   


  



when i get home and see how ugly I looked while I was out   

his laugh sounds like a blender   

every woman in a s movie   

introverts walking into a social event   


  



that just makes me sad..   


  



just dad things   


  



beautiful   


  



yes she does   


  



gangster lingo   


  



“Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming?”   


  



when the priest won’t stop molesting boys   


  



boss really nice work on that presentation. i’m impressed.me[bad at taking compliments] shut the fuck up  

chill   


  



wtf did I just watch   

what a fucking hero!   

baby elephants suck on their trunks, much like babies suck their thumbs, it comforts them   


  



what if I want to be a CEO?   


  



straight dudes be looking like this, talking about “I don’t care if you’re gay, just don’t hit on me.”   


  



I wish this was real   


  



genius level Elon Musk   


  



can you past the Turing test?   


  



oh boi   


  



my mom going to enroll me in school   


  



bruh..   


  



chill   


  



ducks living better than us...   

the “Kardashian” by Kohler   


  



dad?   


  



when they reintroduce your bill to defeat your successor   


  



Pod from Game of Thrones is what Post Malone would look like if he ate vegetables and used soap.   


  



chaotic evil   


  



grandma’s words speak loudest   


  



the optimist, the pessimist, the realist   


  



he said he wouldn’t tell   


  



stone cold   


  



me *has some free time*my gym membership   


  



since men think they know everything, what does “R” mean on a tampon?   


  



chill   


  



girl rides guy in wing suit   

only in Russia   

tough decisions   


  



anon gets blocked   


  



chivalry is not dead   


  



that’s literally every single art degree   


  



me too Benny.. me too   


  



when it’s been  months of your breakup and she is celebrating a  year anniversary with her new boyfriend   


  



me awake at  am with my demons   


  



a madlad   


  



no onestraight men   


  



chill   


  



we don’t deserve dogs   

that’s science   


  



the life cycle of AirPods   


  

 

mood   


  



if two virgins have sex, they take each other's virginity, so technically they still have virginity, it's just not theirs.  

yeah it’s called the olympics   


  



modern problems require modern solutions   


  



it be like that sometimes   


  



*unzips pants*   


  



me *goes on date with girl*girl next day *comes out as lesbian*me   


  



chill   


  



redneck romance   

this dad has priorities   


  



wtf    


  



the universal position dudes stand in when they have no money and their girls pay for everything   


  

 

just cuz you gangster doesn’t mean you can’t be sexy   


  



chill   


  



weee woo weee woo   

don’t listen to this dorito face   

better than the original   

cursed images   


  



me I'm gonna set a personal deadlineme to me She’s a huge pushover do whatever you want  

how your girl looks at you when she sees a guy doing something romantic on TV   


  



when your homie talks during the song you asked him to listen to   


  



chill   


  



how straight guys wash their hands   


  



“Breathe, bitch!”   

...the balls are so spread out   


  



*breathes heavily*   


  



me dwelling on things that I can’t change   


  



chill   


  



when your girlfriend’s dad meets you for the first time   

when you realize you gotta do this adult shit for the rest of your life   


  



I know I didn’t   


  



well..   


  



me, fresh out of the shower starring at all my makeup & wondering where to begin   


  



cop before I search your pockets is there anything I should be aware of?me we brush our teeth with hair on a stick and brush our hair with teeth on a stickcop *on radio* get the feds  

same   


  



every guy in  after u sleep with them   

chill   


  



me on the internet vs me in real life   


  



gaming in the ’s looks so intense   


  



chill   


  



this is what fun is   

he’s gonna smash him tonight   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

don’t settle, find you a man like this   


  



people in  in  century we will be living in marspeople in  century   


  



I’m mildly aroused   


  



relatable   


  



I’d probably have killed myself by now   


  



have you eaten anything Helen?   


  

 

Canada is in serious trouble   


  

 

chill   


  



Seth McFarlane repeats the shit out of everything   


  



girl in bar I’m into underground stuffme [trying to impress her] I live in a basement   


  



me at am reading all  comments of two strangers arguing on the internet   


  



scientifically proven   


  



anon says penis in class   


  



wholesome   


  



and accidents often lead to super-villains   


  



anon needs a fitness plan immediately   


  



chill   


  



so this peaked my interest   

German is such a beautiful language   

happens way too often sadly   


  



anon gets cheated on   


  



me and my friend in th grade lookin at the word “sex” in the dictionary   


  



calves thinking they have to jump over the white line   

wholesome   


  



words to live by   


  



when someone asks what I’m looking for in a relationship   


  



when your girl says no to you leaking y’alls sex tape   


  



when you yell out an answer in class without raising your hand but that shit was wrong AF   


  



dating in  be like   


  



chill   


  



what kinda porn is this?   

the fat kid passed her a strainer..   

take a rest, travelers   

be gone thought   


  



the world’s worst translator   

meanwhile in Denmark   


  



when you realize you can't trust your best friend anymore bcuz she's been saying her bf has a  inch dxxk but it was actually only    


  



he’s not even bad looking   

wholesome   


  



the eyes are still open..jesus    


  



chill   


  



take a rest, travelers   


  



me if it's a boy let's call him Barryher okwaiter good eveningme good evening Barry  

well..   


  



self destruction    


  



bruh   


  



meanwhile, back in Grade ..   


  



chill   


  



Jeff Bezos when he heard Amazon was on firevs. when he realized it was just the Rainforest   


  



wholesome   


  

 

puffer fish vs moray eel   

cursed images   


  



chill out bro   


  



when she drops you off after sex at your girlfriend’s house and drives off pretending she’s the uber driver   


  



wife On your day off I need you to do the dishes, Clean the shower and do the laundry all before I get back at .me at  and haven’t moved   


  



nobodymath teachers at the first day after summer   


  



chill   


  



outstanding move   

I wonder if he made it to the party in time   

my mom you can eat it already, the food is not hotfood   


  



"I can't, too busy"- no one believes you- tired- allows for future invitations"I can't. Not since the accident"- mysterious- fresh- prevents future invitations  

can relate   


  



cha cha real smooth   


  



“She was on a break!”   


  



that poor woman   


  



"Get Out " is terrifying   


  



art   


  



chill   


  



points were made   


  



same   


  



when you want hard, angry, rough, degrading sex but he wants to “make love”   


  



yep   


  



see u guys later   


  



that is a strange thing   


  



the hero we need   


  



gay people are legal currency now   


  



anon likes RoboCop   


  



panda emoji review   


  



when you try anal for the first time   

this is unbayleafable   


  

 

chill   


  



male seahorse giving birth to , babies   

wave touching the cloud   

grandpa found out how old he is   

I hate this so much   


  



*In Japanese animation studio*Writer  Ok so we have a cute anime girl how should we make her character?Writer  Give her huge tits and thicc thighs!Writer  Um ok. But we should add more to her character. What else should we add?Writer    


  



France to Germany after WW   


  



it really do be like that   


  



anon starts a race war of fruits   


  



I’d hire him, to tell people to eat aids dicks   


  



rare pic of m&m smiling   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



he’s living the dream   

my family going through my phone after I pass away   

when you've said “representative” into the phone x but the robot keeps talking   

what about walls on all sides   


  



but here we are   


  



when you go to sleep to ignore your problems but you end up dreaming about them anyways   


  



wholesome   


  



me explains a simple task to a co-workerco-worker uh, what?me Explains. Task. Even. Slower.co-worker   


  



can we trust each other, please   


  



billboard in Croatia   


  



there’s a whole lot going on in this image   


  



chill   


  



when you give your best and still end up in the friend zone   

you’re shaking it all wrong   

me and my friends getting together & having fun   

that fuckin smile   

that’s a pro-gamer move   


  



he’s standing like an NPC   


  



number  is a bloody mad man   


  



this is the last straw   


  



wtf Pikachu   


  



woof   


  



tinder gold   


  



oi oi   


  



chill   


  



top gear time   


  



steak emoji review   


  



show my parents what  years of college education amounted to   


  



Florida never disappoints   


  



I’m exhausted by fashion   


  



savage   


  



*accidently eats fruit seeds*parents omg! you know it’s gonna grow in your stomach year old me   


  



when your sister is happily married and you can’t even find a good dick   


  



wish I could find a girl like that   


  



me trying to stay sleepy on my way to the bathroom at am   


  



when the food runner drops the food off at the wrong table   


  



if his ankles look like this he's a hoe   


  



chill   


  



Italian male, black woman and a flock of jews   

murica fuck yeah   

damn white people calm down   

tinder gold   


  



anon is Donald Trump   


  



it’s beautiful   


  



what is this for?   


  

 

spicy lemonade   


  



about right   


  



me I may be ugly but at least I'm smart my brain   


  



when you take a selfie so good you start feeling yourself   


  



“Okay I’ll try it but if I start feeling light headed we gotta stop”   


  



chill   


  



a collection of stupidity   

one big difference between men and women is that if a woman says “smell this”, it usually smells nice  

this fish hook tattoo   


  



anon is lactose intolerant   


  



what’s this for?   


  



when she has an astrology sign in her bio   


  



me staring at the car behind me after they honk their horn at my mom   


  



when they bust out a leash and then you realize you’re not going for a walk   


  



anon goes biking   


  



every time   


  



son Dad, are we gonna get killed by an asteroid like the dinosaurs?me Probably not, bud.son That’s probably what the dinosaurs thought too.meson [walks away]me holy shit  

relationship status   


  



chill   


  



but why?   

I’m in love now   

cursed images   


  



can confirm   


  



F for respect   


  



*last moments before Epstein’s death*   


  



when life gets rough but you make it through   


  



I’ll make cards saying this   


  



legit   


  



when you’re in health class and the teacher says "today we are going to start our depression & suicide unit"   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



my brain is broken   

when you realize summer is over and school starts tomorrow   


  



Behave, Manuel, think of your wife..   


  



damn   


  



when you watch a vid of yourself and hear your voice   


  



he’s not wrong   


  



mom look at my big strong boy   


  



real life stomach from    


  



can relate   


  



choose ur fighter   


  



oh no   


  



chill   


  



satan I HAVE COME TO TAKE YOU TO THE DEPTHS OF H-me wow you’re tallsatan thanks?me how tall are you?satan i dunno like ’”, ’” with the horns?me [twirling hair] omg “with horns”! you are SO funny  

take it, you stupid water   


  



the best pirate I’ve ever seen   

Brexit simplified   


  



cursed images   


  



me trying to avoid eye contact with the crack head at the gas station   


  



chill   


  



I love the officer running   

man in bed with cougar   

be like Ralph   


  



Queue *is pronounced Q*ueue   


  



idk man, seems kinda gay to me   

parents when you ask them to check WiFi router   


  



plot twist mom’s charger is damaged as well(both are probably for iPhones)   


  



works every time   


  



chill   


  



physical therapist welcome to physical therapyme thanks, I’ve never done this so-physical therapist *punches me in the face* how’s your relationship with your parents?  

get you a man who can do both   


  



when you throw her on the bed for sexy time and she sees your small peepee   


  



let’s take a selfie   

interviewer what makes you want to be a firefighter?me a fire killed my dadinterviewer i'm so sorryme don't be. i will have my revengeinterviewer you want to kill the fire that killed your father?me no. i'm not an idiot.interviewerme i'm gonna kill its dad  

man attempts to pole vault over water   

when you‘re cheating on a test and intentionally write a wrong answer so the teacher wouldn’t be suspicious   


  



anon shits his pants   


  



chill   


  



when cat realized there was no purpose to life if she couldn’t lick butt   


  



anon is a chad   


  



bad parents   


  



A for effort   


  



when u ordering pizza and da dude with no money say “get wings”   


  



“Look, all I want is a chance to waste your time. Baby that’s all I’m asking for.”   


  



my favorite season   


  



when you finally get a text but it’s just from the phone company saying you used all your data   


  



been there   


  



when you look up tips in the middle of the boss fight   


  



that went from  to  real fast   


  



me acting surprised when the teacher can’t open the corrupt file I sent as homework   


  



same   


  



this video made me pregnant   

chill   


  



yo bro, nice dick   


  



whenever u tell the story of how u and ur girl fell in love, she be looking like   


  



that eye contact   


  



[restaurant date]waiter hey guys [looks at me] oh shit SPONGEBOB? is that you?date spongebob?me yeah um it was a nickname in college cuz-waiter cuz he was INSIDE a pineapplemedatewaiter just [humping motion] fucked the shit outta that thing. how ya been man?  

cursed images   


  



llama vs. alpaca   


  



goals   


  



when you smash and continue to hang out with her so she doesn’t feel used   


  

 

relatable   


  



chill   


  



US news people are dying, everything is horrible, we are all terrifiedUK news   


  



the ultimate kitchen tool   

science teacher A kilogram of bricks weighs the same as a kilogram of feathers. years old me   


  



what about lobster   


  



Britain threatening with a no-deal-Brexit(, colorized)   


  



amazing strength   


  



when life suddenly starts going too well   


  



the hell is micro-cheating?!   


  



chill   


  



are you a software update?because not now.  

relatable   


  



Mexico watching the USA have the California Gold Rush after losing California less than  months before   


  



It’s not stupid if it works   


  



grandma What a handsome boy, you must have a girlfriendme I don'tgrandma   


  



any friend I need boy advi-me break up   


  



too bad I’m stuck in emo phase   


  



nice she touched anon’s balls   


  



chill   


  



fuck this guy, I would have bought his whole damn stock   

I hate myself for finding this funny   


  



I still think he’s eating ass   


  



work smarter not harder   


  



me sitting inside my house this summer with the AC set to    


  



anon is elite hacker   


  



me it’s time for bed!my kids   


  



thanks bro   


  



when you come to work after a nice quiet weekend and your extroverted coworker is waiting on you like this...   


  



my two brain cells when it is time to study   

chill   


  



this is the magic stick   

when you can tell someone thinks you're hot and then you watch them lose interest when they realize you're a fucking weirdo   


  



that’s how it works   


  



when your mom says no   


  



when she says “let’s write down the things we love about each other” and you realize you lowkey hate her ass   


  



folks who claim to be on diets “I had a salad today!”the salad   


  



just another number neighbor   


  

 

what that could be   


  



sounds gay   


  



my alarms every morning   


  



don’t forget eyeliner and hoodies   


  



and my brother is trans   


  



chill   


  



cut my hair bro!!!   

here’s a baby platypus to brighten your day   


  



not very friendly   


  



when you taking out the trash and you get mystery juice on your hand   


  



a wholesome store in Ireland   


  



my worst nightmare   


  



me, when I’m offered pre-marital sex   


  



chill   


  



circle of life   


  



nothing better than frozen toilet paper on a hot summer day   


  



kids exploring ancient ruins   


  



when she says she loves your belly but calls you fat fuck when she’s angry   


  



everyone heavy metal fans are angry and hatefulheavy metal fans   


  

 

edgy   


  



[during sex]she Hurt meme Your obsession with books doesn‘t make you quirky or intelligent, you just seek ﬁction as escapism from your own lifeshe Waitme You root for character development and relationships in stories because you’re unable to cultivate your own  

chill   


  



middle class fancy   


  



cursed images   


  



a lovely game   


  



this is the level of how sick of everybody’s shit I am   


  



Christopher Walken "This is a literal universal remote! It actually controls your life! You can pause, rewi-"me   


  



only in murica   


  



chill   


  



me and my personal demon having a heart to heart talk at  am   


  

 

there's always one doubter around you   

can confirm   


  



what the fuck Japan?!   


  



technically she was right   

well..   


  



chill   


  



‘Murica   

me *hands over 💵*hooker what can I do for you studme *nervously whispers in her ear*hooker no I don’t have two 💵s  

moth *repeatedly bashing itself against my computer monitor*me it's not a touchscreen you have to use the mouse  

tinder gold   


  



walking out of the store after you’ve spoken to someone that you haven’t seen in years   


  



cursed images   


  



tobacco industry You want a nicotine addiction and lung cancer?teens no wtf?!tobacco industry it's mango flavored tho.teens   


  



please stop   


  



anon is a boomer   


  



mmm yummy toothpaste   


  



me going to work to be my own sugar daddy   


  



dammit dan   


  



chill   


  



Brian at his best   

me very gently pushes shower handle cm to the leftthe shower   


  



“I suppose you’re wondering why I’ve gathered you here today.”   


  



how grandparents see when you go into their mobile phone settings   


  



me on a first date   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



the furry movie   

anon goes to a virgin meetup   


  



teacher no eating in classpeople in the back of the class   


  



when your sarcasm is so on point that they think you’re serious   


  



this is beyond science   


  



anon loses his only friend   


  



*kid rock music intensifies*   


  



well..   


  



*Iocks the house door and checks  times if it’s locked*my brain  minutes later DID I LOCK THE DOOR???me   


  



this is peak Alabama   


  



letting all things behind   

he just wanted to sleep   

I want full access to that camera   

when someone who’s attractive randomly finds you attractive too   

you never know what’s in the makeup   


  



Europeans right now   


  



anon tried   


  



Miss Banks didn’t even bother faking them   


  



wholesome   


  



chill   


  



my reaction when a girl talks to me   

noice   

some of these are spookily accurate   

sneezing panda   

check your gluten privilege   

"Any fun vacation plans?”friend  Mykonos!friend  South of France!me   

wholesome   


  



woke   


  



treespassing   


  



me waiting for my subway   


  



Eve takes the first bite of the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden   


  



chill   


  



edgy kids in    

I need a shower after watching this http//t.cn/AijAfJ  

wholesome   


  



doctor most of your medical issues could be solved with a healthy diet and exercise me   


  



wife  communication is keyme what’s wrong?wife  nothing. goodnight  

cursed images   


  



a proper queen   


  



when the bus starts moving before you sit   


  



problem solved   


  



Joe got jealous   


  



teach a man to ﬁsh and he’ll turn around and try to teach you to ﬁsh like he invented it and you’re an idiot  

chill   


  



The Green Reich in Germany   

their marriage is off to a great start   


  



relationship goals   


  



when u both dead inside, but u trying   


  



well..   


  



born for the job   


  



not okay   


  



therapist and what do we say when we feel this way?me don’t be sad. because sad backwards is das. and das not good.therapist *taking notes* can I use that  

chill   


  



nobodybitches that bring salad for lunch   

hawaii chair infomercial   

murderer looking for us avril lavigne isn’t a good guitar playermy friend justin whispering dontme slowly standing no, fuck this guy justin  

tinder gold   


  



gf remember, my dad's really into sports, so talk to him about thatme will do[later, meeting girlfriend's parents]me so, sir, jen tells me you're really into sportsher dad that's rightme why  

when your least responsible friend gets a dog   


  



chill   


  



the enemy of my enemy is my friend   


  



I’d ask if she wanted me to take the pic for her   

nature is beautiful   


  



tinder gold   


  



wtf   


  



when the whole class laughs at your answer, but teacher says you were right   


  



build a florida man headline   


  



chill   


  



it’s yeet or be yeeted ma’am   

he used the ladder like a good boy   

if you ever feel useless please take a look at this guy   


  



wtf   


  



wholesome   


  



that would fix it   


  



just found out when I have kids my family are gonna know I had sex  

my drunk ass leading my friends to the next bar   


  



customer can we get a plate of french fries for the table?me (first day as a waiter) ahh i don't think we're allowed to feed the tablesboss can i talk to u for a secme what's upboss ur doing a great job. i want those tables to starve.  

the five stages of grief   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



guy jumps out of an apartment window   

easy money   


  



Canadians   

if your wife doesn't swing you around like this when you arrive at home then she’s cheating   


  



when she taking pics of everything on the date but you   


  



Ozzy Osbourne and John Lennon in the recording studio March th    


  



when you warned her it’s been a while but she didn’t listen   


  



chill   


  



this pillow supports your head if you’re drunk   


  



cursed images   


  



lovely   


  



分享  Martha Wainwright 的歌曲《Bloody Mother F*****...》Bloody Mother F*****g A*****e (分享自虾米音乐) Bloody Mother F*****g A*****e  

chill   


  



waiter wine?date I don't drinkwaiter water?me she said she doesn't drink pal  

Professor Hello. gpa students   


  



chill   


  



if you pointed a gun to my head and told me to finish this level i would tell you to pull the trigger   

no more step porn   


  



amen   


  



nerd   


  



this genuinely made me sad   


  



big mood   


  



I think it’s the necklace   


  

 

clean shaved Keanu   


  

 

does anyone else have those friends who u jokingly insult all the time until at some point u just straight up don’t even know how to be nice to each other anymore  

when she wipes the sweat off her forehead and still has her eyebrows   


  



it’s fake and gay   


  



chill   


  



“I’m soft, furry, and adorable, and in return, you feed me. that was our DEAL, woman.”   


  



me I want my beef so rare that I can hear it moo when I cut into it. I want the chef to hold a hair dryer up to the cow and then put it on my plate. If that cow has so much as a light sunburn, it's overcooked. Are we clear?McDonald's cashier no  

baited   


  



bear say “Angela” one more time..   

when too many people you know from different places come together & you have to maintain the personality you've created for each one at the same time   


  



scientist The average person spends  hours online per week,me You mean per dayscientist Whatme What  

this is actually comforting   


  



tips to help an anxiety attack   


  



chill   


  



a crab being dragged in by an octopus   

life is life   

this baby emu who grew up around dogs believes he is one   

when she said if you got home first, she will let you do what you want   

nurse how do u rate ur painme zero starsnurseme would not recommend  

nice   

May it hydrate you when all other liquids cannot   


  



chill   


  



guys with “entrepreneur” in their bio   

she’s high af   

she stupid   

you know when someone calls you & you say “fuck off” at your phone  

my fatass thought he was giving him a burger with lettuce   


  



my friend excuse the messhis bedroom   


  



how an intelligent person responds to conversations http//t.cn/AiWIntQg  

cursed images   


  



chill   


  



jesus christ   

Arya Stark it is   


  



it gets worse with every line   


  



except I don’t need lotion   


  



when you’re under  different layers of stress & anxiety but you’re still trying to maintain the appearance of functionality   


  



when your friend says he’s going to sleep but you meet him in another match   


  



they ain’t wrong tho   


  



people in movies will make this breakfast, have one bite, sip orange juice and say I’m late for work   


  



wholesome   


  



wtf   


  



for ¥ you can use me as Tinder  

when you wanna show off your pet to someone new but they’re hiding   


  



when your friend exaggerates a story but you were there   


  



chill   


  



for anyone who would be wondering, no it’s not real.   

I know your secret   

same   


  



wtf   

there's nothing worse than having a Cranberries song stuck in your heeeeeeead, in your heeeeeead, in your head, in your head, in your hea, hea, hea, head...  

same   


  



I had a brain freeze realizing this   


  



I’m also a who are   


  



nobody  yr old relationships   


  

 

After Nike released Air Jordan sneakers in , the NBA banned Michael Jordan from wearing them because its colors didn’t match his team’s uniform. Nike supposedly paid the fine the NBA charged Jordan each game so he would continue wearing them.   


  



when you’re protesting the govt but fall for the lady cop   


  



chill   


  



what   


  



when I get out of the swimming pool   


  



a symbol of wealth among pigeons   


  



Anon found home   


  



wholesome   


  



ah mate fook that shite   


  



 i bet in  yrs, we'll have a colony on Mars, & flying cars.   


  



climate protest in Cologne. they’re standing on ice blocks   


  



chill   


  



leave her Johnny leave her   

the entire class in the rd grade when  people kiss in a movie   


  



therapist so what do you think is the source of your trauma?me   

the ideal woman according to guys’ Hinge profiles   

cursed images   


  



accurate shit   


  



that wife is my new spirit animal   


  



just leave, Brandon   


  



when you invite your female friends to watch Bee Movie but halfway through the movie they start touching your front stinger   


  



chill   


  



what the toilet at a party sees when i feel like imma throw up   

I don’t trust spinach   


  



look at the duck’s face   


  

 

it’s all about the trash   


  



when your girlfriend is accusing you of cheating and you're just standing there thinking how she's starting to sound just like your wife   


  



that “just in case” moment   


  



he’s probably going to win   


  



for every person I cut out of my life, I add one product to my skincare routine   


  



wife *holding a pregnancy test* honey I have good news!!me oh lit lmao *takes long drag* babe this juul tastes like piss   


  



the clam before the storm   


  



art of the deal   


  



me after deleting the convo after being left on read so I don't get reminded how unwanted I am   


  



chill   


  



flawless logic   

goddamn that’s one hell of a seller   

Louis CK has found his new calling   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

Alex Morgan tea celebration during US win over England offends some Brits   


  



did she assume their genders?   


  



me showing up on a st date after getting out of a  year relationship   

after you clear your search history   


  



this makes me uncomfortable   


  



if you’re brave enough..   


  



when you find the mosquito that ruined your sleep all night   


  



leave your “airport and departure time” in comments to find an accompanist/accompanists at the airport  

me “my wife is having a baby”colleague “omg, do you know what it is?”me “it’s a person but smaller”  

[on Tinder]ADAM *swipes right*EVE *swipes left*GOD *clears throat and presses intercom* Eve can i talk to you for a second  

chill   


  



the worst movie ever   

wait for it http//t.cn/AiOVdOr  

never give up on your dreams   

it jumps just like a potato   


  



when she tells you she ain’t in the mood for sex   

this is my Spider-Man   

me saying bye to a Grindr hookup I never plan on seeing again in my life   

the hero we need   


  



wholesome   


  



chill   


  



eating puzzy cuz you love it vs. eating puzzy cuz she asked you to   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

blocking negative vibes all Summer ‘   


  



meanwhile in Scotland   

wholesome   


  



question of all questions   


  



murica!   


  

 

what the fuck is this. I want to see more of it   

illusion 💯   


  



chill   


  



dude decided to breakdance during this melee   

nature is amazing   


  



cursed images   


  



tiger emoji review   


  



me when I smelled my hand after I scratched my ass and it smelled like ass   


  



do you know how hard it is being ugly. I take  selfies and delete   

chill   


  



chicken whisperer   

bitch I’m still free   


  



relatable   


  



the last time people were excited to see me   


  



wholesome   


  



gottem   


  



murica!   


  



my problem is my face  

well..   


  



chill   


  



[trying on pants]me these pants look terrible clerk that's not a mirror, you're just looking at meme sorry  

when he hits a sharp turn and your purse tips over in the backseat   


  



when you upload a cute pic and get that "miss you" text from someone you talked to in    


  



reasons I grab my boobs-running upstairs-running downstairs-running-scared-walking through my house in the dark-bored-boobs  

I wanna be the reason you slightly tilt your phone away from others when you read it.  

when you’re mad at your girl and she asks you for sex   


  



garbage sorting is gay. change my mind  

it be like that   


  



when all the dumb students get put into the same presentation group   


  



how straight are you?   


  



that’s Patrick   


  



chill   


  



when your group project gets an A and you walk by that one person who didn’t contribute   

proud moment   


  



pregnant woman emoji review   


  



maybe his abs are his most loved ones. “family”   


  



when my friends tell me that they’re worried about me because they think I’ve hit rock bottomme   


  



it took me a while   


  



poor dogs   


  



that Moscow filter   


  



no oneliterally no one in the entire worldCalifornia   


  



chill   


  



the pollen from this tree being felled   

just riding through a forest area. what could go wrong.   

when your mom just ﬁnished beating you, then comes in asking "what type of pizza you want?"   


  



me when my mom tells people my business   


  



when you’re max level and you go back to the first level because your friend just started   


  



he wasn’t joking   


  



this is what they’re teaching in schools now?   


  



make the world a better place   


  



the selfies you delete are the real you  

I mean he’s technically right   


  



some people spend thousands on a boat. then there is this guy..   


  



I’m  and still waiting   


  



chill   


  



cursed images   


  



Tanner   


  



the sun never stood a chance   


  



social anxiety is the only reason I don’t break down in public. my fear of being noticed is stronger than my need to release my emotions.  

chill   


  



make sure to keep eye contact. very important.   


  



me and my best friend waiting for a relationship like   


  



like damn bro date me too   


  



when someone from the backseat gives you driving advice   


  



this egg is like Gandhi’s flip flop you donut   


  



always forgets as soon as I hear it   


  



outstanding move   


  



chill   


  



Ariana Grande stage was a giant toilet   


  



we found it guys   


  



me walking into any party with my university friends when they know me as the bitcoin guy   


  



chill   


  



when you realize you’re basic   

me and my bestie “if we are still single by  let’s get married for sure!”us approaching our s   


  



someone is not gonna make it off this train   


  



chill   


  



one person’s trash is another dog’s treasure   


  



motivational speaker "You can achieve anything you want. You have a tiger in you”the tiger in me   


  



drug boss [goes to stick a knife in bag of cocaine to check it]me [knowing how long it took me to bag up] if you just open the flap at th..  

cursed images   


  



tinder gold   


  



Katy tell me I’m a gay icongirl you're hurting meKaty tell me and I’ll let go   


  

 

when you nut quick but she still treats you like a king   


  



chill   


  



frustration personified   

there he is   

great...another superwhatever show   

there is sex without loveand there is love without sexand then there is you, without both  

why would someone complain about this   


  



“living the dream”=I want to kill myself   


  



when you hear your neighbor having sex and you damn well know her husband is at work   


  



fidget stick in the middle of a car   


  



or earlier   


  



you know you’re an adult when this makes you happy   


  



did you just assume my cat is a “cat”?   


  



wtf   


  



chill   


  



Bluetooth vs. Brownpipe   

this is basically the snickers commercial for Germans   

me and the boys   

and everybody clapped   


  



cursed images   


  



same   


  



wholesome   


  



wish i could drop my body off at the gym and pick it up when it’s ready  

him Can you please stop using the bananas like they are phonesme But how am I supposed to contact the gorillashim You're unbelievable!gorilla *over banana* When are you leaving him?  

me did I pass?driving instructor *swimming away* no  

chill   


  



he’s training to prevent cheating   

well there is anal   


  



two types of girls   


  



Titanic  edition   


  



when the door of the toilet can’t lock   


  



when it's the fourth time this week you’ve forgotten to pull your pants down before you shit   


  



he’s speaking the language of gods   


  



basically   


  



it be like that   


  



when you best friend helps you write a text comeback and you know it’s good   


  



me [in a department store completely lost and can’t find what I want]clerk can I help youme no  

hell yeah, eat it global warming   


  



chill   


  



the highest stick to dog ratio I've ever seen   

drinking at  Hell yeah let's go out all night and go straight to work drinking at  Dear diary, I had a beer last month. I've had a hangover for two fortnight. I fear this is the end  

me Will you text me when you get home so I know you're okayuber driver No  

mosquitoes after getting squished   


  



everybody has a coworker like this   


  



humans *never left the solar system*also humans   


  



anon becomes aware   


  



old but gold   


  



me *tries to use a slightly bent $. bill*vending machine   


  



murica!   


  



when someone says sharing nudes is gross and perverted   


  



chill   


  



this makes me uncomfortable   

me with eyeliner vs. me without   


  



being called smart for having a variety of information in different subjects but it's all surface level intelligence and useless to generate any stable income   


  



meat on bone emoji review   


  



bruuuuuh   


  



this is beyond science   


  



i’m not a courageous person i’m just impulsive  

same   


  



when you’re both pretending to asleep and you’re waiting to see who will finally give in and go get the crying baby   


  



chill   


  



work smarter not harder   

when she thinks the wedding is all about her, but you are reminding her it's your day too.   


  



sad af   


  



relatable   


  



it’s Britney, bitch   


  



when we finally see a mcdonalds and your mom already promised that if we see one, we will go in one   


  



here is the long awaited proof   


  



that Mexico filter   


  



“there’s plenty of fish in the sea”fish in the sea   


  



thank you, truly inspirational   


  



me every time my life has one little inconvenience   


  



it’s a damn shoe   


  



chill   

“we have to stop climate change, we’re killing the earth”the earth   


  



me [listens to one sad song]Spotify algorithm   


  



me I’ve been scared of the Backstreet Boys my whole lifetherapist Tell me whyme *screams*  

relatable   


  



cursed images   


  



drown in love   


  

 

chill   


  



there we go   


  



there was an attempt at making a nest   


  



full homo   


  



relatable   


  



anyone l have cancerAmerica’s Got Talent judges   


  



[hospital]me this knee surgery will be a breeze!nurse you have a great attitude!me well even my blood type is B Positlve  )nurse aw  )[funeral]my widow his blood type was not B Positive  

he fucked that bag   


  



no balls no opinion   


  



technically   


  



chill   


  



when you’re on your th “damn that’s crazy” and they’re still telling you their story   


  



when you are riding with your uber but then you get a message that your uber just arrived   


  



how the Mongolian bathe the sheep   


  



natural selection will do the job   


  



chill   


  



who even thinks about creating something like this   

just a regular slav couple   


  



“we don’t do that here”   


  



sometimes you just got to stop and smell the flowers   


  



the Costco sample associate looking at me coming around for my th meatball   


  



this is art   


  



this is some MATRIX shit   


  



when you get bored from being rich   


  



I hate when people do this   


  



well..   


  



priorities   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



breaking bed   


  



but he ended up with a princess   


  



doctors hate this trick   


  



teacher tell us about yourself me(unprepared)   


  



me when he says “lookin good bro”   


  



imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they do this on weekends   


  



can confirm   


  



i would   


  



me all I'm saying is, if a guinea pig and a penguin fucked, the baby would be a guinguin zoo boss whatme you heard  

me There's no lambchef Then grill the chickenme *shining light on chicken's face* tell us where the lamb is, you son of a bitch  

tinder gold   


  



I can tell by her face that she did it and she’s done it before too.   


  



chill   


  



can relate   


  



Destruction 💯   


  



no homo tho   


  



doesn’t everyone do that?   


  



a far better way to go   


  



good idea but get Leslie Jones out of there   


  



the dumbest thing you believed as a child   


  



dammit Bobby   


  



Romeo and Bob   


  



me and the boys at the airport   


  



I have several questions   


  



that’s just what a fake hospital would say..   


  



chill   


  



when the teacher catches you cheating and you play it off by acting like you’re stressed   

man gets offended by scientist saying “black hole” http//t.cn/AiCYishg  

when your girlfriend is kissing another dude, but you can’t say anything cause that’s her husband   


  



nobodyabsolutely nobody in the worldJustin Bieber   


  



he is the one   


  



good to know   


  



well..   


  



brain break itme why?brain you gotta   


  



the definition of petty   


  



realest IG post ever   


  



I work at ikea and can confirm that this is what happens   


  



that’s how you get stds   


  



chill   


  



*pornhub intro plays*   

don’t   


  



when bae is horny af but you have already masturbated twice   


  



dad jokes, get me everytime   


  



my therapist calling his therapist the second I leave his office   


  



technology *doesn’t work for  seconds*my parents   


  



I wonder what the s will be like   


  



cursed images   


  



cringe level +   


  



ppl please don’t make a sceneme   


  



pretty much   


  



just use your sister’s dildo, bro   


  



chill   


  



Mexican mall starts to flood and this happens..   

I love how this dude is so chill about it   

please use your inside voice   

me wanna hang out?friend sure.us   


  



relatable   


  



good question   


  



wholesome   


  



me going to explain something I literally learned about  minutes ago   


  



men are dogs   


  



Big Little Lies Theme Music - Michael Kiwanuka - Cold Little Heart   

I love people like this   


  



when you ugly as hell but a girl tells you that you have the best personality and make her laugh   


  



chill   


  



horse dog   

Australia is just British Florida   

me how come penguins can't flyzookeeper their bodies are too heav-me is it because god fears themzookeeper what?me did god made them heavy birds because they're his only weaknesszookeeper [whispering] shut your fucking mouth if you know what's good for you.  

men are dogs   


  



cursed images   


  



person born in the s only s babies will know what this is!kid born in the s  *knows exactly what it is*person born in the s   


  



that’s not how this works   


  



my friends trying to moan like pornstars while i’m on the phone with my mom   


  



“outside”   


  



me *holding my daughter* I can’t remember who she iswife you have amnesiame *tearing up* what a beautiful name  

interviewer what’s your greatest strengthme you tell meinterviewermeinterviewer delegating?me that’s right  

“Your head is enormous”   


  



chill   


  



cursed images   


  



Dog your resume is solid but we had many stronger applicants and we-Guy you're a good boyDog excuse me?Guy..didn't say anythingDog oh..I thought I heard..well anyway don't think we can offer you the j-Guy you're a good boyDog you're fucking hired   


  



when you finally met someone trashy as you are   


  



when people say “lady gaga can’t sing” show them this   

but that’s the best part of Ohio   


  



unsung heroes of IG   


  



this is for a dog   


  



me staring at other people’s lunches in the company fridge   


  



the circle of life   


  

 

not getting any tonight   


  



my fetish is feeling like i matter  

chill   


  



me on my th drink, about to bring up some shit from two years ago   


  



once you hit a certain age you become permanently unimpressed by a lot of shit.  

I googled “female bullying” and I’m not disappointed   


  



dunno what this dude going thru but I feel him   


  



tinder gold   


  

 

this is just mean   


  



casual bisexuality is great   


  



a sit and a banana   


  



the only acceptable way for a game of monopoly to end   


  



wondering what Alabama smells like..   


  

 

this could be us but the other side of my earphone doesn’t work   


  



suffering from success   


  



Tim Cook after releasing that $ monitor stand   


  

 

ok what’s next   


  



chill   


  



old but gold   

pick emojis review   


  



can confirm   


  



oh dayyyyum   

guess somethings will never change   


  



just ride a bike bruh   

how mosquitos be looking when you go outside with a little skin showing   


  

 

wait a minute..   


  



me what’s the password to your phonefriend my birthday me and my friend   


  



tastes better than it looks!   


  



chill   


  



just be happy dumbass   

men ain’t shit   


  



just get two blankets wtf   


  



me watching the guy at subway make the subs   


  



..but eating dick is gay   


  



shut up nerd   


  



chill   


  



chaotic good   


  



what my food sees when I’m leaving the drive-thru   


  



the speed of fast   


  



shouldn’t have asked   


  



mechanic you used subpar fuel which corroded your injectors and intake manifoldme uhh english bromechanic low quality gas damaged your engineme dumb it down for me kemosabemechanic bad go-go juice make your vroom vroom machine all fuckyme oh no  

 year old me at church with my mom when all her middle-aged lady friends tell me what a handsome young man I am   


  



 year old me at church with my mom when all her middle-aged lady friends tell me what a handsome young man I am   


  



chill   


  



magpie drunk on fermented apples   

men are dogs   


  



the nasty network   


  



when she steals your heart   


  



this is stupid   


  



sometimes I wonder if anyone in this world has ever finished an eraser   


  



JK Rowling announces Jon Snow is gay   


  



them don’t come back here with your bullshitme coming back with my bullshit   


  



Loch Ness monster   


  



chill   


  



fuckin dumbass   

so nothing then   


  



wrong house, mother fucker   

Theresa May as bottles of Tresemmé   


  

 

I wish I could be that excited   


  



this cashier % has weed in his pocket   


  



chill   


  



falls for it every time   


  



when someone blows their horn at your mama while she driving   


  



now I’ve seen everything   


  



when you’re ripping a protester’s face off but then you realize that life is ultimately meaningless, all life will eventually end, all light will eventually burn out, none of this was important, nothing will ever truly matter, nothing can ever outrun the darkness of entropy, everything dies.                  


  

                             

chill   


  



Ma’am, I’m afraid I have some bad news.   


  

 

cold blooded   


  



she had no power in that place   

the Hound cheering for Arya   

the tard just wanted anon to have a good birthday   


  



“Yeah, so I’m looking for a car that looks like a hotel slipper. You guys got anything like that?”   


  



well, this makes cents.   


  



stuntman on tv don’t try this at homeme[sitting on couch eating out of a  lb.bag of m&ms] ok  

*me explaining my love for my cat and how I would die for him*my cat   


  



me I got a job interview next week.wife Great news. You should update your wardrobe.me Okay.. *to the wardrobe* I got a job interview next week.  

nobodycat lesbians   


  



[during sex]wife Can you be quiet please, I’m trying to sleep  

-hi robin-hi-ur cute-I’m happily married-but I miss u-and I have a daughter-just let me in ur world-you know the entire building can hear us right  

chill   


  



so that’s how a koala sounds like   

her “Did you already cum?? but it’s only been  minutes..”me   

how girls that can’t swim be at the pool   


  



showing her mom where her tuition dollars went this year   


  



we all know what that fish is..   


  



wholesome   


  



what would you do?   


  



I think we all know where this is going   


  



old house owner In this house  people died and  killed themselveshorror movie family   


  



no onemy dad why don’t you hang out with that friend from kindergarten anymore  

cursed images   


  



waiting for my uber   


  



chill   


  



mood   


  



*sitting next to my crush*classmate "you two would make a cute couple"my crush   

nothing personal, kid   

when your kid's been yelling "daddy you're not watching" for ten minutes and then you look and they're just wearing a gum wrapper like a hat or some shit   


  



quit playing hard to get, Shannon   


  



relationship goals   


  



when you and your best friend are tryna figure out why y'all single and you realize it's because you’re both crazy   


  



Jack Black walks by couple, accidentally turns them into a 'Distracted Boyfriend' meme   


  



it’s fine   


  



my mom yesterday do u work tomorrowme yesmy mom today do u work todayme yes i already told umy mom when i'm at work where are u  

words to live by   


  



yea sex is cool but have u ever been treated like a priority instead of just an option  

chill   


  



if you’re  kg on Earth, you are  kg on Mars. you’re not fat, you’re just on a wrong planet.  

and they’re still together to this day   


  



you may be smooth, but not as smooth as her knees   


  



his voice was the original ASMR   

swipe right   


  



true fan   


  



relatable   


  



ok then   


  



chill   


  



good boi apologizes to his brother in the sweetest way   

dude your wife needs to shave   


  



it’s just gotten worse since then   


  



at my funeral take the bouquet off my casket & throw it in the crowd to see who next  

how do you manage without a gf?me   


  



here is a rare photo of a middle American male shedding his old skin while he prepares his new skin   


  



me Who's my little sex kitten?her *slowly pushes me off bed*me [from floor] That's right baby.  

boss how was your first day? me I don't remember it boss what? me well I'd literally just been born  

cursed images   


  



no onedad at a restaurant looking at the check what’s the damage  

when you see people online who like the same stuff as you, but you don't know how to initiate a friendship   


  



me as a mom   


  



mood   


  



chill   


  



thank god for string fences..   

this news reporter needs a pay raise http//t.cn/EFIpq  

tinder gold   


  



he can identify as whatever he wants!   


  



this is why I’m not gay   


  



Zack?   


  



I wouldn’t even be mad   


  



buddy...   


  



relatable   


  



mood   


  



that looks like a jail to me   


  



imagine if GOT ended like this   

chill   


  



porn Ad Are you single, horny and have a small cockme   

savage   

some serious discussion going on here   

Varys mistaken for a producer, never forget   

that’s the dream   


  



fart tennis   


  



when the only person you hangout with is busy   


  



date *pulls down my pants*me   


  



chill   


  



when the owner asked for a drink   

whatever that is. I’m in   

my maturity level summed up   

the end   

his name isn’t William anymore, he’s SillyWilly now   


  



you’re doing it wrong   


  



he chose an English major over math   


  



parents “You never talk to us, you should open up more often”me “My life is in shambles and I’m suffering from depression “parents   

Texas be like   


  



looks like Jon wasn’t completely useless in season    


  



my dream house   


  



when you see a cute girl and go for it with a smooth "hello" and she replies with "hi" and a smile   


  



chill   


  



I actually laughed   

the date is going very well   

nice   

it took me a while..   

unexpectedly wholesome GOT meme   


  



thank you   


  



that customer is a lobster   


  



there’s a statue in Russia that honors all the laboratory mice that have sacrificed their lives in order to further scientific research   


  



“What’s the worst thing your husband said while you were having sex?”“Hi darling I’m home.”   


  



GOT producer when everyone is complaining about the final season   


  



just breathe god dammit   


  



pull yourself together Karen   


  



relatable   


  



chill   


  



someone needs clean underwear   

when you find the damn cockroach   

this is what you get having too much sax   

what is going on here   

this is painfully accurate   


  



or you could just wash the shirt   


  



wholesome   


  



that sounds like porn   


  



squad goals   


  



“He said Brienne of Tarth had the bombest proxy”   


  



my fatass thought that was an egg tart   


  



might fuck around and move to Australia and get a job in a water park giving people the nod to go down water slides  

tom is a whole mood   


  

 

chill   


  



hell yeah! fuck the environment   

this is how you end a masterpiece   

the real GOT winner Ser Bronn, not a highborn, now lord of High Garden and master of coin   


  



the only thing that mattered from season    

Kahleeski of hardbass, queen of vodka, the unblyat, breaker of knees, mother of bears   


  



imagine being so poor that you don’t even have enough space to put clothes in your house   


  



my experience so far on tinder   


  



I’m always confused   


  



for the future of our planet   


  



at least he’s honest   


  



 year oldme say fuck  

me and my bestie prepping our toes to sell foot pics on the internet since we’re broke af   


  



chill   


  



just enjoy the moment   

I hate this fuckin kid’s voice   

when you're the least favorite child   

I’m hotmail   


  



dude..   


  



[buying house plants] hey wanna come back to my place and die  

ever see an uncircumcised truck?   


  



this is so messed up. the vagina should be at the bottom of the foot   


  



me at every friend’s wedding   


  



Arya, your uber has arrived. - Bran Stark   


  



I think “dildo” is a perfectly acceptable insult. like, I’d call you a dick but you’re not real enough.  

so it’s basically hate fucking   


  



priorities   


  



creepy af bruh   


  



chill   


  



a whole other level of good boi   

because he gay   


  



A woman goes to her Gynecologist. "What seems to be the problem?" asked the doctor.Woman "Something is terribly wrong. I keep finding postage stamps from Costa Rica in my Vagina." The Doctor had a look, chuckled and said, "Those Aren't postage stamps my dear, they're the stickers off the bananas."                  


  

                             

I don’t think the cat can either   


  



gamers never grow old   


  



same   


  



this is what it looks like when the sun hits a pelican’s beak just right   


  



send random messages like this to random numbers   


  



tinder basic   


  

 

the man, the myth, the legend   


  



do u think that angels having sex with humans was seen as like beastiality in angel-world?   


  



if Jay-z and Beyoncé didn’t have money   


  



chill   


  



just watch and let it sink in   

Ivane can be dumb but he’s strong af   

well that took a turn   

Thanos is a gay titan   


  



when you realize the king slayer is dead and the big woman is available   


  



I got cancer from reading this   


  



papaya wrecker   


  



good question   


  



that bag contains my net worth   


  

 

goals   


  

 

anime girls at the end of hentai   


  



me doing the most random shit when I’m on the phone   


  



chill   


  



I don’t believe it’s russian until the “blyat” sound   

this man just removed the squirrel’s life savings...wtf man   

when everyone around you get married and have kids   

I’m this old   


  



a big shout out to Lena Headey who made $,, an episode this season for standing at a window drinking a glass of wine. an icon.   


  



spiderman checking out thor’s ex   


  



kids who wouldn’t let you borrow a pencil in class don’t let you merge on the highway now  

men are dogs   


  

 

yeah, but it always goes away by morning   


  



John is my spirit animal   


  



only in russia   


  



chill   


  



blink motherfucka   

every girl’s weakness   


  



I feel like this would be me   


  



school don’t be racist also school   


  



I like their use of the word victim in the headline   


  



how to find Kentucky on a map   


  



when you date her for a month and ﬁnd out she wasn't joking about being crazy..   


  



classic dad joke   


  



dude..   


  



is it possible to learn his power?   


  



this is exactly what a Capricorn would do   


  



chill   


  



when you find your lost intestines so you super happy   


  



titanic *is sinking*lobster in the kitchen   

this is so england   

I am also gay with myself   


  



don’t you fuckin touch my baby!   

wild   


  



mom how’s finals going? studying hard right?me   


  



before gps you had to ask for directions   


  



not gonna happen   


  



thanks for posting this   


  



chill   


  



jon snow in the latest episode   


  



Tom and Jerry( unanimated version)   


  



nobodydads when they have to sneeze   


  



what the hell   


  

 

at some point autism kicks in...   


  



men are dogs   


  



me when two people from my town who never spoke in high school are suddenly engaged   


  



grandpa rap music is too violentJohnny Cash I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die  

poor turtle   


  

 

rude..she looks the same to me   


  

 

“it was a sunny day, my boi...”   


  



tinder gold   


  



hot pot dog   


  



chill   


  



Houston Rocket Mascot just “Bend The Knee” before Queen Khaleesi   

don’t ever climb a tree for safety when chased by a bear   

if Tywin were still alive this season   


  



that’s gay   


  



dad So son what kind of a console do you want for your birthday? Maybe a PS or a Switch?son I want a gaming tractor.dad  A what now?   


  



when your bio teacher starts talking about female anatomy but she doesn't know about the thousands of hours you've spent on pornhub   


  



that ass is made of steel   


  



when you hear your own voice on a recording   


  



a wholesome profile   


  



the hard life of a banana   


  



tinder gold   


  



friend What did your wife do just before she had the baby?me She went "FUUUUUUUUCK!" and a bit of poo came out.friend I meant work wise.me oh, book keeping.  

chill   


  



act gay to escape murder   

serial killer no one make a sound, or I’ll kill youme   

never forget to pull handbrake   

aunt Cheryl knows how to get a surprise party for herself   


  



sad   


  



relatable   


  



I hate it   


  



whoa whoa whoa   


  



nobodyliterally nobodypeople who own Rolex’s   


  



when u have a bad day but u give a streamer some money from dad’s wallet and they say ur name   


  



when your mother-in-law says she saw you somewhere but she don’t know where   


  



murica   


  

 

chill   


  



this is masterpiece   

ungrateful   


  



me pointing to what I want on my subway sandwich   


  



guardian that we deserve   

sounds about right   


  



“I don’t do drugs” starter pack   


  



“that’s nice, dear.”   


  



modern problems require modern solutions   


  



when you get blocked while you’re typing   


  



Anon works in the theater   


  



wholesome   


  



chill   


  



when your brother locks you out of the house and you have to pretend you won't beat him as soon as he opens the door   


  



when you around new people and realize you never wanna kick it with them again   

relatable   


  



the worst is “ha”   


  



recipe add  cloves of garlic me, a wise woman   


  



I’m cured bro   


  



pressure gets to you at some point   


  



ladies, imagine he cums on your back and you hear "That's all for today guys. Don't forget to like and subscribe".   


  



chill   


  



how could you do that Sean?   


  



this man’s a god at silent treatment   


  



power move   


  



just normal work shit   


  



reporter so Fred. you're ! what's your secret?Fred I sucked a cock for a watch once.reporter I meant secret of your longevity.Fred oh! fruits and vegetables.   


  



mind=blown   


  



[prison]prisoner what's for breakfastguard every meal is bread & waterprisoner [is a duck] oh baby  

relatable   


  



chill   


  



legend says they’re still splitting the last piece of food to this day at atomic level   

the airpods of their time   

roomba that swears when it bumps into stuff   

me *eats dairy*my small intestine   

she served justice   


  



your date brings you back to their place and you see this. what you doing?   


  



“try to be gentle with this one”   


  



just dad things   


  



chill   


  



sunset porn   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

So... you can’t sleep, huh?   


  



this shouldn’t be a thing   


  



public masturbation privacy cover   


  



me zoning out of a conversation that doesn't involve myself   


  

 

I’d leave   


  



I’m in this pic and I don’t like it   


  



my dog when she’s about to throw up   


  



me at  years old listening to breakup songs while never having been in a relationship   


  



wife [kissing me] let’s roleplay me okwife pretend you’re my daddyme okwife I’ve been a bad girlme why’d u marry that idiot  

a photographer took pictures of people before and after she called them beautiful   


  



“they decided I was a harmless moron” feels like the damn story of my life   


  



chill   


  



someone just give him that ball   

man blessed and thanked himself after sneezing    

I think I lost a couple of brain cells watching this   

I wish I never learned how to read   


  



wholesome   


  

 

epic balls bro   


  



Batman unmasked   


  



close enough to smell him..   


  



cursed images   


  



when you don’t trust your siblings   


  



when your uber arrives but you haven't finished your drink   


  

 

sense of humor on point   


  



chill   


  



somewhere out there, someone is watching Game of Thrones S/E because of peer pressure  

press F for respect   


  



why wasn’t she in avengers?   

humanity restored   


  



I hate that I chuckled   


  



when your parents are about to check your grades online   


  



wholesome   


  



a true gentleman   


  



chill   


  



coworker please can you-me, finished for the day   

she looks like she wants to go back inside   


  



wholesome   


  



the last words of famous writers   


  



the potato state   


  



fail them   


  



lovable jerk   


  



me I am ready and well prepared for examsme in exams   


  



mah heart   


  

 

“Greetings, peasants”   


  



“Baby I was born this gay”   


  



chill   


  



I want the whole list   


  

 

most deadly animal in Africa   

“Imma chill here with my meal”   

we don’t deserve dogs   


  



the therapy dog after I share all my problems   


  



sad   


  



me trying to figure out which days to wash my hair, so it can line up with my plans   


  



Colby, , broke, follows k ppl on insta, claims he smoked weed with Skrillex and can get you backstage at any show   


  



chill   


  



when your gym membership is expiring in  minutes   

this is why animals rule   


  



the sign reads “Russian cuisine”   


  



mom secrets   


  



such a mood   


  



amen   


  



same   


  



chill   


  



that  second of silence and then “really?”   

me vs. GoT spoilers   


  



somewhere in russia   


  



it’s science   


  



when some girl tries to say hi but my gf is crazy   


  



when you open your work email for the first time since Friday and it’s full of responsibilities   


  



when I’m drunk and my uber is more than  minutes away   


  



show me a better date. I’ll wait   


  



he right   


  



goddammit   


  



when your friends try to roast you but you’re already dead inside   


  



dog hey, can you..uh..can you throw the ball back?   


  

 

chill   


  



in Lyanna we trust   


  



relatable   


  



murica!   

how to get your ass kicked    

problem solved   


  



thanks, I hate it   


  



don’t be fucking with gym jesus   


  



the Cuisine Curtain is perfect for any conscious eater in public who just can’t chew with their mouth closed   


  



how my mom smiles at me when she wants to beat my ass in public   


  



they gotta let him in now   


  



saying "have a nice day" to someone sounds friendlybut saying "enjoy your next  hours" sounds threatening  

guys literally only want one thing and it's fucking disgusting   


  

 

chill   


  



cat after  months stay with dogs   

best parkour ever   

me Drink your milk.daughter What if I make my skeleton too strong and it tries to escape?me Haha, don’t worry, honey, that can’t happen.[Later]me *Shaking wife awake at am* We need to stop buying milk.  

when you’ve got earphones in but forget & walk away from your laptop   


  



me birds have butt vaginaszoo keeper no, that's not true. they have cloacas that- me do they shit out of it? zoo keeper well yes me and give birth out of it zoo keeper yes [sighing] but please sir there are kids-me [pulling out megaphone] 𝐁𝐔𝐓𝐓 𝐕𝐀𝐆𝐈𝐍𝐀                                 

rabbit built a nest   


  



me sitting in a meeting that could’ve been an email   


  



cursed images   


  



be like the night king   


  



sad   


  



chill   


  



when you’re part of a group chat but never contribute anything to it   


  



original Pokémon theme singer in the studio performing the full Pokémon song   

that’s enough climbing for today   

my  so far   

relatable   


  



but here we are   


  



“baby, it’s only micro when it’s soft.”   


  



I’m not saying your perfume is too strong. I’m just saying the canary was alive before you got here  

no tongue for auntie   


  



the teacher is eyeing the shit out of that   


  



fast food   


  



chill   


  



very simple   


  



a polite and subtle implication that maybe, just maybe, he may be interested in going for a walk   

large mouth bass accidentally swallows a duckling while going for a piece of bread before spitting them back out   

what kinda porn is this   

“I hated school. They looked me in the eyes and told me the three states of matter were solids, liquids, and gases as if Jello doesn't even exist."- Samuel L. Jackson   


  



I will propose to a woman with this   


  



chimp properly browsing insta   

it’s a circle of nonsense   


  



go all the way up   


  



father of the year   


  



just shoot me   


  



same   


  



chill   


  



me leaving my room for the first time to have my very first meal of the day at pm   

me looking for a picture to post on instagram   


  



forgiveness   


  



if job interviews were honest   

those are motion detectors with a built in alarm system   


  



please tell me that’s not real   


  



chill   


  



I want a space like that   


  



emotional support bonsai   

jay fish   


  



you can always count on dad #wholesome   

shut up and take my money   

when you sneeze for the rd time in a row and your coworker tells you to fuck off   


  



me I’m sad I need a purpose my brain did u say a purchase?  

he pecked all the sesame seeds off   


  



chill   


  



people in GameofThrones⁠ checking to see if they're related to someone before having sex with them   

coincidence..   

they all matched with the same girl on tinder so they decided to send her a group picture   


  



did you know you only use % of your brain. god uses the other % to mine bitcoin  

use his blood   


  



when I see someone on campus wearing pajamas to class I don't judge them, I judge myself. why didn't I wear pajamas to class, am I stupid?  

savage   


  



me begging my poop to flush when I’m at someone else’s housethe poop   


  



everyone monsters live under your bedme, an intellectual   


  



honest yet wild    


  



don’t ever forget it, kings   


  



sharks inside a wave   


  



chill   


  



how to spot true gamers   

a cat returning to its apartment   

slavic avengers   

his wife must love him   

wholesome   


  



this technology doesn’t even exist at nasa   


  



me [rolling over for the th time in the middle of the night]the monster under my bed will you shut the fuck up  

"Sure." ~ Kristen Stewart's orgasm  

 - where is the exit   


  



you vs the girl your coach told you not to worry about   


  



first contact with a girl ever   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



now this song makes sense   

polar bear rescues her cub after it falls in the water   

no oneliterally nobodynot a single fuckin soulaunties on WhatsApp   

food weapons   


  



me after doing math for  minutes   


  



I’m “you look good for your age” years old  

how fast my mood changes for absolutely no reason   


  



when everybody talking about let’s split the bill equally but you ordered the cheapest thing on the menu   


  



when she’s out of your league, but you’re funny so you risk it all anyway   


  



a flashlight confiscated from a prison inmate   


  



cursed images   


  



pigeons sitting down   


  

 

chill   


  



how an experienced dog mother teaches her  weeks old puppies to calm down   

why did I watch all of it   

hoarder level pro   


  



he only lasted  seconds   


  



lots of solid advice   


  



that’s terrible   


  



 is    


  



[watching porn]male pornstar *slightly moans*me   


  



nobody absolutely no one not a single soul on this earth not even their mom YouTuber/Influencer a lot of you have asked about my skin care routine  

relationships can be fun too..   


  



electron, don’t be so negative   


  



chill   


  



me I’m going to bed early tonight me at am   

is your dad really your dad if he doesn’t say “who?” after talking about any of your friends even if he's known them for literally  years??  

when you on YouTube and a  second ad has no skip button   


  



she danced like nobody was watchingbut people were watching and she looked like bees were attacking her  

bruh   


  



me *goes to bed without beating meat*the FBI agent watching me   


  



when you finish your french fries but you find extra ones at the bottom of the bag   


  



me watching people with an active social life and a healthy relationship who don’t wanna die   


  



when dad gets drunk and starts talking to your friends about some back in my day type shit...   


  



relationships can be fun too..   


  



chill   


  



“make her cut it out!”   

me trying to reach the word count on my essay   

same   


  



sleepy lap cow   

except I wake up at am, at that point it just sounds sarcastic   


  



hippies   


  



but, did you fix the printer?   


  



the last thanksgiving   


  



muh spirit animal   


  



parenting tips   


  



yes   


  



smoking kills[scrolls]smoking kills[scrolls]   

chill   


  



he about to see how he was made   


  



how is Ö a smile??   


  



great dad joke   


  



alcohol is cool but have you ever had someone care about you?? me neither, pass the bottle  

sad   


  



violently American   


  

 

same   


  



chill   


  



not a chance this is real   


  



in a parallel universe   


  



sad   


  



not the job you want but the job you need   


  



I had to read this  times to even begin to comprehend this psycho   


  



Samwell Tarly, Rightful heir to Horn Hill. Member of the Night’s Watch. Liberator of Craster Free Folk. First to slay a White Walker. Killer of Thenn mercenaries. Wielder of Heartsbane. Curer of grayscale. Discoverer of Dragonglass. Clapper of Wildling cheeks. My GOAT.   


  



actual picture of my boss micro-managing every single thing I do   


  



chill   


  



me I better leave, I'm going to be lateinner me The later you are, the less time you gotta be there   


  



hand feeding & playing with a friendly platypus   

man installs Adblocker on Melbourne Central Station   

when your mom doesn’t think you can take all groceries in one trip   

Anon farts   


  



GoT madness   

sharing is caring   


  



people who like green it's a good colorpeople who like orange it's a good colorpeople who like purple purple is my life. I dress purple, I glow purple, I eat and drink purple, if you come into my house and insult purple, I will personally tear you limb from limb  

burglar *breaks into house*gun owner   


  



he’s too powerful   


  



gay shit   


  



me I want a raiseboss ok and why do you think you deserve a raise?me that’s not what I said  

chill   


  



me a guy at work broke his jaw and has to eat all his meals through a strawwife wow that sucksme i know what a straw does karen  

that is wild   

this is so sad   

imagine going into surgery and just before getting knocked out, you see your surgeon walking in like this   

“Sorry my mom said I can’t go. Maybe next time.”   


  



what did the baby do?   


  



lawful evil   


  



crazy animal facts   


  



relatable   


  



I wish that was me   


  



finally   


  



chill   


  



rich people splurging“Fuck it, I’m buying a yacht”me splurging“Fuck it, make it a large meal”   


  



o lord help me   


  



men are pigs   


  



small indeed   


  



my kind of date   


  



you never really know someone   


  



I love how she just drops   


  



my favorite element   


  



chill   


  



“sounds good, doesn’t work”   


  



it’s already happening   

thanks sis   


  



Bus Willis   


  



he’s trying his best, u whore   


  



I’m curious as well   


  



just russian things   


  



the blackest one not using the checkout   


  



chill   


  



when her last boyfriend was black   


  



well..   


  



 
         
 iPhone  Plus

cat stealing chicken nuggets   

he ready for war   

cyberpunk Egypt   


  



this is what an igloo looks like when you build a fire inside. the fire inside melts the inner layer of ice, and the cold outside refreezes it adding a layer of insulation that can keep the igloo at ° inside while it's -° outside   


  



hummingbird drinking nectar in slow motion accidentally slaps the hell out of a bee with its wing   

me in my bedroom turning tf up to songs that make me want to kill myself   


  



me accidentally hits my lock screen button while watching youtubeyoutube you wanna get youtube red?? you fucking dumbass?? you really think you can play videos in the background without youtube red?? you fucking useless bastard.  

black & white   


  



chill   


  



Sheep Kardashian   

no more “cruise” pal   


  



god dammit Karen   


  



*applies Chapstick throughout our entire  minutes conversation*  

I’m never eating ass again   


  



chill   


  



animal review   


  



hey kid, wanna hear a scary story? one day you will be able to do whatever you want and you will choose to stay home alone  

this is a whole lotta nope   

birb baths in a guy’s hands   

your girlfriend waiting to be introduced to the girl that just hugged you   


  



gorilla emoji reviews   


  



him I’m ’”, unemployed, just got out of jail, and have been known to cheat in past relationshipsme So is that an honest ’” or like with loafers on?   


  



screenshot with your eyes   


  



anybody who turns the light on when you’re sleeping has no respect for you or what you stand for  

nobodyDubai   


  



same   


  



“Go play on the swings, Tyler. You’re giving Mommy flashbacks.”   


  



chill   


  



“honestly I could have stayed home alone this weekend”   


  



Amen   


  



nobodyKim Kardashian   


  



step sister ugh my bf won't have sex with meme maybe it's smart to take it slow. build a relationship on trust and shared interests.porn director cut  

outstanding move   


  



is that...Batman?   


  



penguin emoji reviews   


  



evolution   


  



Y’all ever try to breathe quieter while walking up a hill so bystanders don’t hear you fighting for your life  

chill   


  



human will turn anything into a pet   

the friend we need   

the art of the deal   

me after hanging up two shirts and folding one pair of jeans   


  



when your teammates keep reviving you but you’re a noob who won’t stop dying   


  



judgmental and useless maps   


  

 

when you catch someone going through your phone   


  



therapist you can’t just lock people out of your lifeme   


  



tinder gold   


  



Adam Driver looks like someone tried to draw Keanu Reeves from memory   


  

 

it’s universal   


  



i think I’m in love   


  



chill   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

some of the best trolls from the s. courtesy of the beatles   


  



what a hero   


  



alligator emoji reviews   


  



me doing the bare minimum and call it a day   

armadillo playing   

how old were u when u realized ur dad is kind of a fuckin idiot  

she’ll make an offer you can’t refuse   


  



classic   


  



same   


  



I think we all deserve to know what's in those cages   


  



predators stalking their prey   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



the prime minister of Luxembourg giving a British reporter a reality check   

family of foxes spotted in the neighborhood   

how to pick up a cat like a pro - “squish that cat”   

just born and he’s already tired   


  



when you hear a coworker talking about how they can eat whatever they want and not gain weight   


  



mobster *cracks knuckles*me that supposed to intimidate me?*his fingers start to glow like glowsticks*me k I'm scared but thats rad  

realtor this house will need a lot of work, but it has good bonesdog we’ll take it  

dads who say they don’t want a dog two weeks after getting one   


  



*first time at starbucks*barista nextme, non-coffee drinker, panicking  uhh one fettuccine avocadobarista cappuccino macchiato?me ok  

in just a moment...those kids are going to learn so many new words   


  



if you ever feel bad about yourself just think at least you’re not a model for spongebob tampons   


  



nobodyteacher about to draw a picture on the whiteboard okay i am not an artist  

chill   


  



little cows got busted   


  



how white men look at you after they’ve already called the cops   


  



oh boi   


  



me driving home from work knowing I’m only going home to eat and sleep so I can do it all again tomorrow   


  



Murica!   


  



at ikea with gf (old but gold)   

this girl always says, “your place”   


  



The Greek Minister of Health having a cigarette in the Ministry of Health on World No Tobacco Day is the level of Zero Fucks I hope to one day achieve   


  



skinny guys wearing balenciaga   


  



nobodywhite dude fair enough  

“one move and I’ll blow your damn head off.”   


  



that one overly cheerful mother fucker that’s at work waiting for you every morning   


  



chill   


  



time lapse   

best werewolf movie transformation scene of all time   

when girls night gets too honest   

me at  in the morning looking for a little snacky-snack   

when you feel stupid... remember that at least you don't wear mirror shades to play poker...   


  



poke your finger in someone's mouth while they are yawning to establish dominance  

I hope that nibba got an A   


  



sky gator   


  



them maybe a little lavender will help reduce your stress me   


  



his lawyer can’t keep it together   


  



nobody niggas who already seen the movie just wait 😏  

I’m going to hell for laughing   


  



chill   


  



deeeer simulator   

the best insult ever said   

be careful out there   


  



tommy lee jones always looks like his son just told him he will start vaping   


  



when your mom walk in ready to fuss about the house but it’s clean   

bro..   


  

 

the one who is just chilling out and enjoying its life   

me I have cheated on youher same..me April sther June nd  

the  gendersMale, Female, Gamer.   


  



if you say so..   


  



when you think a girl is hot but her mom is ugly so she must look like her dad and that makes you gay   


  



chill   


  



Australia = British Florida   

the United States be like_____________________         ___|🍁    🏔    ???          ⟍__/🎓/|        👨👩👧👦               🌽       🗽/\🌁 🎰       🌪   🐄     ⛰ ⟋  🎬___🌵         _____🔥    |                ⟍🤠/            |🐊|                    \_/               🏖                                 

there are toys of Japanese monsters giving press conferences to apologize for destroying cities.   


  

 

man science fact it is impossible for a man to walk by a pallet jack without strongly considering to use it like a scooter   


  



[dabs] well I’m a fuckin loser   


  



but they’ll just think I had an affair   


  



Waffle House is wild   


  



Lifehack avoid red lights by driving at ,, mph. This velocity will blue-shift them enough to appear green.  

we’re all the same   


  



good old-fashioned Canadian road rage   


  



chill   


  



guess the country   

just ending the speech with casually pointing at the crowd http//t.cn/EiGMQT  

I want one   

obeying the law   


  



wow   


  



a seal emerges from a hole in the ice to breathe. it yells “ah! woo!” then sinks back down   

me after saying “no” to one night out   


  



me [minds my own fuckin business]friend who vapes   


  



nobodyevery single Jeep owner in a parking lot with plenty of regular open spots   


  



that’s not how it works   


  



if your girl looks like this she’s a keeper   


  



that is one sexy cow   


  



you don’t say   


  



chill   


  



me [logs into gmail with a different device]google   


  



secret talent car alarm   

coming home wasted at am and seeing people jogging   


  



oddly specific   


  



exactly   


  



- relax david it’s just a small surgery, don’t panic - but doctor my name isn’t david - I know I am david   


  



Prom, Cigar Lounge, Yacht, Beach, Night Club   


  



cursed images   


  



me when checking my phone in bed   

fossil crab   


  

 

chill   


  



what Instagram filter it is?   

ground doggo meet surface doggo   

highly successful honeybee   


  



‎my mom when she was pregnant with me   


  

 

Theresa May too large to fit in studio so she has to stand outside & be interviewed through the window.   


  



Pearl Harbor   


  



kids are great   


  



chill   


  



first official Russian slapping championship    

me [mentions a friend of the opposite gender]my family   

brutal   


  



my favorite band break-up notice ever   


  



the look you have when know you’re  events away from a breakdown   


  



that escalated quickly   

Maisie Williams for Rolling Stone   


  



the cast of Reservoir Dogs  years later   


  



*listens to sad music while in the car* *dramatically looks out window*  

when you give an ugly guy a chance & he starts acting like you the ugly one   


  



me [has some free time]my gym membership   


  



straight guys flirt better with their homies than with girls  

chill   


  



better than j.k.rowling   


  



relatable   


  



when the teacher about to switch the PowerPoint and you still not done taking notes   


  



punk croc   


  



[tv show]character I'll have a beerbartender What brand?character *stunned* Uh...I don't know, no one's ever asked this in a show before  

chill   


  



knowledge is power   

dad went to Costco for the first time in his life   

he’s too pure   

dad having a blast at a concert   

Secret Territorial Increasers   

and then everyone in the store clapped   


  



no oneDairy Queen employee   


  



destruction    


  



every group chat births a second smaller group chat without the annoying people, and if you think yours doesn't, I have some bad news  

me yeah baby i’m gonna have your legs shaking 😳 gonna show you what a real man can do 👌🏾👈🏾💦☔️her   


  



relationship goals   


  



chill   


  



dude has some balls to make a joke like that   

when you’re crushin on a coworker and you wanna impress them   

men scared to moan.. I be in my girl ear like   

someone please translate i feel like this was an important message   

he came out the water lookin like Mermaid Man   

the best purse I’ve ever seen   


  



here I sit, cleverly disguised as a responsible adult.  

geeks of the s   


  



cows   


  



classic   


  



same   


  



person breakfast is the most important meal of the dayme the most important meal is the one u eat before drinking so u don't get too drunk too early  

chill   


  



just slaving around   


  



westworld   


  



me at work after a full lunch   

me and my bff not caring that everyone thinks we’re evil botches   


  



how did she know it was him?   


  



gang gang 🤟   


  



that’s not really ok, man   


  



my professor after reading my answer in exam   


  



this is so pure   


  

 

me [watching porn] which ones are the bad guys  

when you forget to knock before opening the fridge   


  



chill   


  



honest movie names   


  



Nicole is going to steal your fuckin organs   


  



it’s a logical assumption   


  



seems like everyone is online   


  



when you finally meet your online girlfriend   


  



a true gentleman   


  



your nephew is a psychopath   


  



when a girl thinks her makeup hides her acne   


  



I can’t decide if this is creepy or genius   


  

 

my red blood cells after I’ve had three margaritas   


  



my worst fear   


  



this is too much   


  



chill   


  



bears look fake as hell when they walk around like this   

this is just how swans carry their young   


  



when your whole squad is all checking out a hot girl and she turns her head   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



a teaser for “once upon a time in Hollywood”   

confronting a bad driver in Moscow   

“Life is a marathon, not a sprint.” Cool, I dislike both of those things  

the look of a man who spend $+ on a seat to try and watch a game behind Hodor   


  



European Union right now   


  



tinder goals   


  



look at this fat little angel   


  



alarmingly true   


  



I wanna hold it   


  



nobodyAlabama parents   


  



British sappers were trained to defuse mines blindly so they could work in the dark,    


  



me at the gym asking if anyone is using the  lb dumbbell   


  



chill   


  



relationship goals   


  



cheers   


  



he laughed it off   

Morgan Freeman doesn’t need a stunt double   


  



 million B.C. fish   


  



a man is not Arya Stark   


  



take that back   


  



this is how my phone look at me when it’s on % but I’m too lazy to go charge it   


  



someone teach that fucken chicken some manners   


  



hot new girl at work had a question   


  



what kind of strange animal is this   


  



disco space   


  



would smash   


  



no onehigh school students      🌳 / 🚘 || 🚍 \ 🌳          /        ||        \  “if they hit me,   🌳 /          ||   🚶♂️  \  they hit me.”       /           ||            \🌳 /             ||             \ 🌳  

then they fucked   

Mike Tyson’s new whip   


  



chill   


  



ducks on the ceiling   

my mirror to me   

me i am a human being, earth's dominant species, and i will not be-wasp fuck offme ok  

my grandma to me when I say I’m full   


  



chill   


  



dad i think it's time we talked about sexson okdad [sighs] last night your mom put ice cubes in my butt  

sun protection factor  million   

never again will they run out of toilet paper   


  



that cat is dead inside   

you stop that   


  



poor kitty. he was just saying hi.   


  



I love that you can clearly tell from the expressions who is chasing who   


  



when you riding his face and you pee a little   


  



aye   


  



[invention of fish net stockings]fisherman  Help! I got caught in the fish net!fisherman  is it just me or is dave looking a little hot?fisherman  no dave is definitely being hot rn  

chill   


  



he just left   

me hurting my own feelings by creating fake scenarios in my head   


  



you have to read this   


  

 

doctor now let’s check blood pressureme *pulls out apple*doctor *shudders* what is thatme i think you knowdoctor get it away from me  

RED Get busy living, or get busy dyingme *Gets busy dying*RED No, u were supposed to pick livingme *Climbing into coffin* Shouldn’t have given me the option, bitch  

[after sex on the couch]me *out of breath* babe that was greatcouples therapist get the fuck out of my office  

SAMUEL L. JACKSON AS A POLICE SKETCH ARTIST does he look like a bitch  

[pic of kris jenner flaunting her wealth]me, with $ dollars, i smell like trash and everyone hates me haha mooooddddd. this is such a mood. i relate to this big time  

chipotle employee do u want beansme listen man i dont even know if i want to be 𝘢𝘭𝘪𝘷𝘦chipotle employee ok. im gonna just add the beans  

antisocials only. find link in comments.   


  



me staring at the wine rack not knowing shit about wine and getting the prettiest $ bottle   


  



how your mom and dad watch you open birthday presents they swore they wouldn’t buy you   


  

 

opposite here   


  



chill   


  



mailman has a hard time delivering his mail   

relatable   

do you ever feel..like a plastic bag   

meanwhile..the ducks in Germany   

BTW means by the way   


  



I’ll take the creepy ride   


  



pebble finally… after  million long years I have finally washed up on shore. no longer am I a slave to the tides, no long-me[picking up pebble and chucking it into the ocean] haha sploosh  

It's not egotistical when you know that you are the shit. find link in comments.   


  

 

cells be likeofuck it mitosis timeooo  

friend guess what?me what?friend no you have to guessme   


  



guess I’m a hero now   


  



girlfriend I’ll have the chef’s saladme [whispering] babe that’s so rude, just order your own  

wholesome   


  



chill   


  



I’m a garbage man, I can confirm this   


  



oops dropped my gun   

the armor u need. find link in comments.   


  

 

me going downstairs to greet the guests after my mom told me to do so   


  



same   


  



*coffee shop*me hi can i get some teabarista sure. chai?me nobarista green?me nobarista our manager is fucking our stock boy and her husband has no idea me thank you  

PV=nRT   


  



choose your weapon   


  



like legit   


  



when the teacher says “partner up” but you don’t talk to anyone in that class   


  



lit af   


  

 

admit it, we all do this   


  



chill   


  



meerkats use photographer as a lookout post   

just a dream   

I wonder if they laughed   

so that’s how guys have sex   


  



pfft, I can wake up at  and still be useless   


  



Amen to that brotha   


  



going into work after binge drinking all weekend and losing an hour of sleep   


  



Y’all got autism   


  



savage   


  



when you stop masturbating and have sex for the first time   


  



people with $ phone that only use it for social media   


  



I’m soft   


  



chill   


  



when you delete a block of code that you thought was useless   


  



me walking confidently into a situation I have absolutely no idea how to handle   

she was hammering a tire..   

men are complicated   


  



work smarter not harder   


  



wholesome green text   


  



me after I peer pressure all my friends into getting fucked up   


  



when I see my favorite coworker coming over and I know we about to talk some shit   


  



I swear if anyone ever tries to separate them again...   

me*hits rock bottom* welp, it can’t get any worserock bottom’s older brother Is this the guy that hit youme ᴼʰ ⁿᵒ  

chill   


  



what rose really did to jack   

damn   


  



when you mad at work, but then realize you could be broke and unemployed   


  



when you put on the full armor of god   


  



the last one is questionable   


  



the feeding shall begin   


  



someone thought this was worth writing an article about   


  



ok this is a little too accurate   


  



officiant “Do you promise to love each other in thiccness and in health?”me “I do.”  

when you’re trying to make a sex tape but your man nuts early, so now it’s a “gif”   


  



boss can i speak to you in my officeme anything you need to say to me, you can say in front of my crocodiles  

f u c k   


  



chill   


  



we don’t deserve cats   

the hero we need   


  



she’s living her best life http//t.cn/EMcAUH  

orange furry doggo   

brain stab it with your pencilme why?brain not your business just stab it   


  



that look   

that would do it   


  



“ is gonna be my year”me in March   


  



[me on ellen]ellen so i heard you love the oceanme ya[the studio starts flooding]me omg ellen you didn't  

he dead   


  



all about perspective   


  



chill   


  



the noise koalas make when they’re arguing   

when you pull down his pants and he’s a little musty   

bold of me to constantly use the phrase "no worries!" when I am, in fact, constantly full of many worries  

[me on Ellen]Ellen so I heard you talk a lot about suicide and stuff?me yeah*rope lowers down from ceiling*me omg ellen you didn't  

all that beautiful scenery and doggo still just wants to look at you   


  



anxiety is literally just conspiracy theories about yourself  

the last of a generation   


  



the two genders   


  



if it wasn’t for the dogs   


  



get ready girls   


  

 

every client thinks that they’re the better designers   


  



chill   


  



bro, you need to chill   

about privacy   

reservoir furry   

learn the alphabet with south park http//t.cn/EMPD  

no means no, except when it means yes   


  



Cartman?   


  



   


  



if you ever feel down just remember you’re one sex tape away from being a billionaire  

when you accept the fact that you’re not gonna get in shape for this summer or any other summer as long as you live   


  



the last thing a craft beer sees before it dies   


  



rocking all day and night   


  



finally found a bag for all my money   


  

 

chill   


  



mess with the crabbo you get stabbo’d   

Tom Hardy vs. Cilian Murphy   

doggo lifts wrong leg when peeing   

me and my friends when we all get bad scores on our test   

guy’s face after gets left hanging on a high five   


  



f u c k   


  



me *move one pic on Word slightly*Microsoft Word   


  



me on ellenellen  so I heard you like Fallout ?me  yeah*nuclear sirens go off in the distance*me  omg ellen you didn’t  

hmmm   


  

 

damn it susan   


  

 

mood   


  



stop being the bigger person slash their tires  

chill   


  



when you and your best friend have no boundaries   

flying fish getting attacked from below and above   

my level of petty   

he didn't choose the filter life, the filter life chose him   


  



me setting my alarm for am at am   


  



The year is . You finally broke up with your loser ex, he’s dating a girl who has a “live, laugh, love" sign in her bedroom, you ended up meeting your soulmate on Hinge and you just posted your proposal video on Facebook. You won  

that look your cashier give you for being at the liquor store at am   


  



why is she wearing a dress if she’s just gonna let her rodent vagina hang out of it   


  



swipe right   


  



me dramatically leaving the group chat and waiting to see who texts me about it first   


  



when someone's in the way of what you need in the shop so you pretend to be super interested in something else like   


  



Russia motherland   


  



chill   


  



what really happened in India Pakistan border   

this is how I want to be displayed at my funeral   

this neighborhood is getting worse everyday   

me I've got a date tonight and I need all the help I can getbarber ok[later]her you look nicebarber, from under the table tell her she looks nice too  

curry emoji review   


  



me I'm an expert at identifying birdsher OK, what about those ones flying over that tree?me Yup, they're all birds  

take whatever victories you can get   


  



this upsets me   


  



AVRIL LAVIGNE he was a boy, she was a girl, can I make it anymore obvious POLICE SKETCH ARTIST  

spencer seems nice   


  

 

Kristen Steward forgetting she has short hair   


  



relationship goals   


  



chill   


  



a great mom joke   

thanks now I have to throw up   

true family bonding   


  



anyone I’m proud of you me   


  



what’s the th spice, Calvin?   


  



when your coworker sneezes twice in a row   


  



what if I call it a peepee   


  



nothing changes   


  

 

when someone tries to tell me that In-N-Out has the best burgers   


  



kinda like a bratty little kid   


  



this be the one thing on a bad day that gon make you reach your limit   


  



chill   


  



if Miles taught me anything, it’s that you can’t get friend zoned if you friend zone them first.   

parents why are you failing your classesme   

wait...how...okay   


  



only gamers will understand   


  



where’s my Oscar for acting like my life isn't falling apart  

I don't watch murder documentaries because of the mystery or the thrill. I watch murder documentaries to remind me that no matter how bad my day went, it could have been worse.  

actual photo of me trying to change my kid’s diaper   


  



when she starts watching a new Show on Netflix you didn't want to watch and it actually looks pretty decent   


  



cursed images   


  



every interaction on Grindr   


  



relatable   


  



ugh men are assholes   


  



chill   


  



ay you did me already   

when the dead reached Winterfell   


  



know your limits   


  



Nice to meet you, I'm Bob. I watch hentai in my spare time and my father went to the store for smokes  years ago and never came back. Tell me, what are you afraid of?   


  



chicken burgers make sense now   


  



u know I keep that mf thang on me   


  



sad   


  



me when my alarm wakes me up   


  



dad In Iraq, I killed  people...son But you were a helicopter mechanic...dad Never said I was a good one...   


  



when your mother and grandmother say what a handsome young man you are   


  



recipes   


  



fire exit   


  



chill   


  



honestly the anchor played it off pretty well.. http//t.cn/EIZKVod  

big boye enjoying some strawberries   

how to make a pants backpack   


  



I felt that, too...   


  



that’s why I eat the core   


  



me they should be paying me so much more for all the work I do hereme at work   


  

 

well deserved   


  



*girl angry af*male’s braindon’t say itdon’t say itdon’t say itdon’t say itmale are you on your period?  

work smart not hard   


  



chill   


  



dog sets world record with -yard frisbee toss   

these so called “anti-rape pants” come fitted with prosthetic male genitals   


  



da fuq?   

me on payday after a month of doing the absolute bare minimum in my job   

when you have a load of ideas but no actual coding skills to realize them   


  



when you’re out on the weekend and see someone from work who you hate   


  



chill   


  



cursed images   


  



tracking of an eagle of a  year period   


  



chill   


  



me cozying up to the bitch I was just talking shit about   


  



case closed   


  



chill   


  



you have to earn it   


  



instead of “Who‘s your daddy?" I accidentally said "How's your daddy?"and we put our clothes back on discussed her father's diabetes  

chill   


  



curiosity..   


  



Lucky Jean   


  



that is smart   


  



dude..   


  



my favorite mythical creature are happy girls in tampon commercials   


  



POLICE why’d you kill him?me he was making an “aahhh” sound after every sip of coffee and holding his cup close to his face with  hands  POLICE ok just try not to do any more murders  

chill   


  



that bitch knew what she was doing   

how Japanese Spider-Man puts on his suit   

when you trigger wrong person on the internet   

rainy parking   

stand back. things could get ugly   

when it’s been  months since Halloween and your dad is still dressed as a woman   


  



me I need to stop being lonely and talk to people someone heyme   


  



me looking through my meme archive for the perfect reaction pic instead of expressing my emotions in a healthy, communicative way   


  



that’s messed up   


  



this could be accurate except for the use of lubricant   


  



I want one   


  



Samsung we just developed the first foldable phone!Flip phones   


  

 

chill   


  



what is he training for?   

I don’t understand   


  



I eat the shell only   


  



thanks nice officer I will always remember that   


  



"can we talk later? i have a question for you“me first of all, i have anxiety and won't calm down until you tell me what’s it about  

when you’ve been single your whole life but you give your friends relationship advice   


  



the best part about humans is they’ll lick each other’s buttholes but request a new fork if it falls on the floor  

just embrace them, don’t be ashamed   


  



you and your eight nipples are shit   


  



EA after releasing the same game with a different number   


  



[leaving ikea with a full car]wife can I ask you somethingme surewife who are all these people  

it’s just common sense, people   


  



Stiffler is now  years older than Stiffler’s mom..let that sink in   


  



chill   


  



when my parents left me alone with their friends' children   

my cat as soon as I touch her paw   


  



wholesome   


  



the Olsen twins look like one of them knows how you die and the other knows when you die.   


  

 

right now my soulmate just cancelled plans and is laying in bed watching TV. I can’t wait to meet you, you anti-social piece of shit  

when my best friend introduces me to her other best friend   


  



*girls at work ignore me*me I'm going to starbucks, anyone want anything?girls   


  



when there are too many genders and you want to be clear   


  



relax and watch cows*         *    .            *     .   *      .   *    .              *   .    * .         .*         *    .    *     🐄    *.       *.   . *.   .     *     .   *         *         .       *.      *   .      .              *      .     * .         .  

happy couple is it a boy or a girl?doctor it’s , we’re not allowed to assume that. it def has a dick tho.   


  



yo get me some sponsors so I will get u some ads  

Anon is next Steve Jobs   


  



damn he’s right   


  



chill   


  



when you send her a dick pic and she sends it to the group chat http//t.cn/EVBsSIR  

"Man, I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables; slaves with white collars. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War's a spiritual war... our Great Depression is our lives. We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires, and movie gods, and rock stars. But we won't. And we're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very pissed off."                                  

when your friend starts drunk crying outta no where and you’re just like   


  



me *grows .mm*grandma   


  



when you have a funny story, but you have to wait for your friend to finish talking   


  



daughter What does gays mean?me Well you know mum and dad love each other - two men can love each other the same wayher So what's 'penetrating gays'?me Er... read me the whole sentenceher "She stared at him with a penetrating gaze"me Oh  

buddy, I don’t even exchange phone numbers with my family.  

pizza guy here’s your pizzawhite person thanks do u have ranchpizza guy sure here u gowhite person morepizza guy okwhiter person more ranchpizza guy ok chill out manwhite person [eyes going black] mörē fûçkįńg råńčh  

the hunter knew they weren’t goats, but he also knew they were furries   


  



to be sure that you let your cousin play ps and not yourself   


  



I thought uwu was a face   


  



and then they all clapped   


  



chill   


  



this guy is living in    

wtf of the day http//t.cn/EVkpi  

men are dogs   


  



me and my bestie still waiting for the perfect man after  years   


  



power move   


  



package *fragile, treat carefully*delivery guy   


  



I hope to see him in April   


  



when you ﬁnally let the Antivirus run on your grandma's PC and it shows the amount of viruses, trojans and malware   


  



online dating for women   


  



true   


  



me at am applying makeup half awake & half dead trying to cover up how tired I am   


  



if i introduce a movie to you, and we watch it together, i'll be spending at least .% of the time watching you to make sure you are responding correctly to the film  

chill   


  



this hit way too hard   

I bet some of those cops were chuckling   

when you are enjoying your lunch break but then you realize it’s only Monday   


  



dad joke   


  



this is actually really sad   


  



you’re not permitted in the hot tub if you have swallowed a baseball and an Xbox controller   


  



both of them need to begone   


  



The Office  Year Challenge   


  



when you tell a totally unfunny joke at the dinner table   


  



education system is the big gay   


  



get you someone who looks at you the way this woman looks at the guy who killed a mountain lion with his bare hands last week   


  



cursed images   


  



I thought this lady was giving birth to a damn rotisserie chicken 🍗    


  



chill   


  



he thinks we’re stupid, he already took all the tomatoes   

hey that’s pretty hot   

if you ever feel like shit, just remember Courteney Cox’s hair in Scream    


  



Jesus Christ, it’s Jason Bourne   


  



date i need to find a man that's empatheticme [with my mouth just absolutely stuffed with shrimp scampi, like, an insane amount of shrimp scampi for any one person to have in their mouth at one time] i'm extremely pathetic  

woman selling her eggs here’s 💰, thank you for allowing a family to generate lifeman selling his sperm here’s a 💰 giftcard to applebee’s you fat fuck  

my liver tasting the first drop of alcohol for the weekend   


  



same   


  



no one is safe   


  



me *spends  hours studying* *takes out phone*mom get off your damn phone and study for ONCEme   


  



that’s why you shouldn’t wait a long time before messaging   


  



chill   


  



that anime girl noise..   

how sitcoms used to begin   

making music in a different way   

waiting  seconds to skip a YouTube ad be like   


  



this is fair   


  



she ain’t worth it   


  



her he’s probably thinking about other girls him how do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?   


  



me begging myself to study   


  



men staring into the dark abyss of valentines day cards   


  



dancing in sadness   


  



okaaaaay   


  



how romantic   

chill   


  



long bois made my day   

caught the sky changing colors   

is this porn?   

when you relate to every meme but then realize that almost every meme is about mental illness, emotional instability and obsession for pets   


  



relationship goals   


  



when you lose your short friends in the club   


  



guess he got familyzoned   


  



parenting tip   


  



and they say romance is dead   


  



person are you gay?me noperson so you're straightme nopeperson then what are you???me ten percent luck, twenty percent skill, fifteen percent concentrated power of will, ﬁve percent pleasure, ﬁfty percent concentrated pain, and a hundred percent reason to remember the name                                 

this makes me want to be a dad   


  



the guy knows what he wants   


  



chill   


  



me on Valentine’s Day   

this hurts to watch   

I don’t know how to feel about this   


  



sex after marriage   


  



that looks familiar   


  



DAVID ATTENBOROUGH Sadly, this male's efforts to prepare a nest for mating are all in vain.[me crying on top of a half-put on fitted sheet]  

but algebra is just basic math..   


  



Adele ain’t even a computer   


  



beautiful   


  



when you’re fapping to the same hentai video you fapped to yesterday   


  



“Please, boss, don't put that thing over my face. Please don't put me in the dark, don't make me go into the dark, I's afraid of the dark.”   


  



I’m kinda turned on   


  



chill   


  



don’t be mad at me   

living the dream   

a shy car   


  



power move   


  



someone has had enough of someone else’s shit   


  



I feel attacked   


  



mayflies keep it simple...they’re born, turn into adults, fuck then die   


  



*swipe right anyway*   


  



when it’s only am and your friend says they have to go to sleep cause they’re too tired   


  



*God creating tigers*"What if an animal had every advantage imaginable"*God creating guinea pigs*"What if it had none"  

翟天临 boi don’t you need that t shirt   


  



this guy needs to be the president of pornhub or something   


  



me I’m going to be a great doctor one daymy patient [bleeding out] when  

chill   


  



“hold on one wee second”   

when you pretend it’s your first time hearing gossip you’ve known for three weeks http//t.cn/EcCwY  

hey I don’t mind if someone tells their cat’s horoscope   


  



when you roast the sensitive friend in your group and try to make up for hurting their feelings   


  



thanks I hate it   


  



dude..stop   


  



me showing my therapist my inner demons for the first time   


  



big mood   


  



when she finally get to know the real you   


  



when I see drama start to happen at a party   


  



god dammit people   


  



I’m that person   


  



chill   


  



hope I could enjoy life like this   

and people say homer is a bad father   

bruh he a magician   

he is a man of culture, don’t kick his ass, give him beer   


  



pirates are nice   


  



Jamaican Super Lotto winner taking NO CHANCES   


  



solid advice   


  



I’m gonna die solo   


  



sorry bro   


  



when your boss asks why you have to leave early   


  



don’t mess with guys in excavators   


  



i saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by not getting texted back  

chill   


  



donkey overjoyed by seeing a friend   

give me ur honest opinion on “the wandering earth”  

everyone’s had a moment like this before   

hey I do that   


  



when I’m forced to go anywhere   


  



sounds like a good plan   


  



smooth   


  

 

this is how loyal I want my man to be   


  



when you got your degree but can't get hired now because people who didn't get it are cheaper and allowed to do the same work   


  



that anxiety   


  



I feel attacked   


  



when you reject a guy’s proposal saying “you deserve better” and he really managed to get someone better than you   


  



chill   


  



what a jerk   

people whose phones flash when they get a message are at the bottom of the food chain  

cringe   


  



service doggo walks on glass floor for the first time   

when I fart in the car, but one of my friends is about to get back in it   


  



true inside peace you found   


  



[bank robbery]me *pointing gun* put the money in the fucking bagbank teller are.. are those plastic bagsme ugh I know I left my trader joe reusable ones at home I honestly feel awful about using these right now  

speeding a little bit so the cop doesn’t think I’m a nerd but not enough to pull me over  

I don’t stalk. I antistalk. I learn a person’s routine in order to avoid them.  

chill   


  



this is some real shit   

cool zombie   

meanwhile at the traffic light   

incredible leopard and baby baboon interaction   

savage   


  



when your coworker tells you they’ve already gone to the gym today   


  



revolutionary   


  



why are you running?   


  



celebrities, before and after   


  



dude..   


  



chill   


  



I like this meme more than I should   

I feel bad for Larry   

me talking to myself in the mirror after having my rd breakdown for the day   

me plucking up the courage to approach the popular group   

don’t be sexist, Olivia   


  



me listening to music about selling drugs and killing people while I’m folding laundry   


  



this man is dying   


  

 

th grade homie u dont even know what a blowjob isme I totally knowhomie ok what is it thenme no u dont know and ur trying to get me to tell you  

I will marry her   


  



wife ugh the baby's been crying for hours, can you take over?me sure *starts crying for hours*  

waiter i'm sorry sir, but your card has been declinedme run it againwaiter i ran it three timesme *to my date* omg this is so embarrassing. do you mind taking care of it?her no problem! *grabs waiter by the collar and pulls him close* he said run it again  

every time I see the word "explain" on a test, a part of me dies.  

chill   


  



bro   


  



that escalator was smooth   

be like Jane   


  



she speaks the language of gods   


  



this hits me in the feels   


  



girls when they see their friend being a hoe   


  



when you know your man is lying but you let him keep talking to see how far down this ditch of deceit goes   


  



police im sorry to both of you. your son set the school on ﬁre.parents arson?police yes, your son.  

coworker wanna see a video of my kids first steps?me on the moon?coworker ha no—me[slaps phone out of her hand] well fuck off then  

when your friend shows you their favorite song and you hate it but act like it’s great   


  



the soil is rich and loamy   


  



me hellome internally did i say too much  

刘谦 just shut all lights off next time, I’ll still enjoy it as a podcast  

chill   


  



marriage is a trap   

he right you know http//t.cn/EclyE  

songs that’ll turn  years old in    

grandpa takes care of his granddaughter   


  



flight departure pm my parents at am   

British comedy   

you’re now officially a Dutch citizen   


  



when you start an argument in the group chat and then go off line   


  



Merkel on instagram   


  



damn it Tiffany   


  



magicians are just liars who get paid to lie. change my mind  

but why are the lobsters’ claws still rubber banned..   


  



Nicholas Cage’s face on Ross from friends is still Ross from friends   


  



me vs. all those new year’s greeting texts   


  



chill   


  



that was very mean of him   

it’s like  all over again  

tank puppy guards its mom while she receives medical treatment for her foot   

I’ve never seen so many colors on one stage  

even dogs don’t deserve dogs   


  



it might pop up on the midterm, you never know   


  



eargasm   

*class starts at *me and my friend walk in at    


  



I’m hurt today   


  



it’s like a giant online daycare   


  



never forget this gem   


  



chill   


  



when devour teamed up with pornhub   

“Daddy chill” http//t.cn/EcvOzb  

little dudes first time experiencing snow   

Captain! Look!   

burn it with fire   


  



Life is short. If you have a crush on someone, walk right up to them then a little past them and just keep going it's probably not worth it  

male nipples are ok tho   


  



“Shoo! Shoo! You’re fucking with my story you big brown cunt!”   


  



there you go   


  



dang that’s a long bathroom   

savage   


  



posters in English class   


  

 

Leo ignoring Kate since    


  

 

chill   


  



they’re just trying to save his life   

dairy cows see grass after  months indoors   

I like how the bike had a parachute too   

yeah sex is cool but have you ever woke up from a dream and went back to sleep and the dream picked up where it left off  

and that is how you keep your marriage alive   


  



I don't understand how some women have so many bridesmaids. I don't even like that many people.   


  

 

*whistling*“yeahhh dude!” “nice dick!”   


  



it’s that time of year again   


  



you were the chosen one..   

this is true evil   


  



when your LEGO set says - years but you built it in  months   


  



very true   


  



chill   


  



you know you play too much games when..   

me tryna reach my goals   

in the end   

the pacific theater in a nutshell   


  



and then the baby said, “thank you.”   


  



people who poop at other people’s houses the ﬁrst time they come over aren’t afraid to die  

I felt this in my soul   


  



literally no onebillie eilish   


  



when someone calls me cute   


  



bruh..   


  



don’t tell me what to do   


  



anime girl *breathes*her tiddies   


  



chill   


  



Chicago toilets are starting to burst..   


  



the big one didn’t share   

for noisy neighbors   

I walk around like everything is fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off.  

epic drifting   

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't judging people in the checkout line based solely on the groceries they're buying.  

can never be too careful   


  



wide snake   


  



mother in law thought it would be a good idea to get a sculpture of this beautiful moment   


  



truth has been told   


  



I’ve been doing this wrong my entire life   


  



homer is good with everything   


  



chill   


  



I’m scared of little girls   

the lord of the rings cast,    


  



when no one is raising their hand and you make eye contact with the teacher   


  



if pornhub offered you $ billion to post a sex tape with the same gender, what would you do?  

that neighbor who doesn’t like their kids   


  



life hack   


  



me trying to crossfit   

me I’ve been very bad, daddypriest just say father  

crabs are so gentle   


  



that tank sexually identified as a helicopter   


  



hot meme   


  

 

[end of a date]her we should have dinner againme thanks but I'm full  

chill   


  



now that’s what I call a budget airline   


  



sis who hurt you   

worth every penny of that membership   


  



I’ll see myself out   


  



all my personalities try to coexist in my head   

setting my alarm to get up for work tomorrow like   


  



stop crying about your problems on the internet. bottle them up inside and disguise them with dark inappropriate humor, like a grown up.  

[having sex]me oh yeah hurt meher caterpillars spend less than % of their lives as butterflies. they die of old age just a few days after emerging from the chrysalisme oh god is that trueher yesme *crying* jesus christ no  

my goal in life is to give as many fucks as this guy   


  



shutter island   


  



“Please don’t rush B”“Someone has to”   


  



wtf   


  



chill   


  



if I was the chef it would have scared the shit out of me   

Tenacious D - Kickapoo   

“Dave..”“Fuck off Karen I am taking a picture.”“DAVE.”   


  



you ever be so comfortable in bed that you start rubbing your legs together like a cricket🦗  

“what do you do for a living?”“mermaid wrangler.”   


  



technically the moon is the earth's dog  

when my nerd friend finds the guts to talk to his crush and she says “ew”   


  



facebook notification today is derrick's birthdayme *swipes it away*facebook notification today is derrick's birthday. wish him wellme *swipes it away*facebook notification today is derrick's birthday, congratulate him you piece of shit  

dude..   


  



someone forgot how an acronym works   


  



[interviewing for cia position]agent do you have any aliases?me sometimes my wife calls me her little naughty bear agent that doesn't count, also it's very disturbing  

indiana jones time to explore ancient caves, fight nazis, and seek treasureidaho jones time to eat potatoes again  

chill   


  



why can’t we have these kinda cartoons anymore   

how men congratulate each other without saying anything   

modern problems require modern solutions   


  



a good deal tho   


  



me and my friends wondering around the parking lot looking for our Uber because we don’t know what a toyota looks like   


  



a helpful parenting tip   


  



"Do you have any bird houses I could have sex with?""Sir, we only have bird houses you can have sex with."   


  



this is completely made up bullshit   


  



instructions for use perform - test clicks before each use and at least once every  minutes   


  



cobra chicken should be a thing   


  



all safe and sound   


  



chill   


  



how to reclaim the armrest without them noticing   

what's the situation here? how is he filming this? why is she laughing? who's that guy in the corner?   

it really got me in the first half   


  



the battery was probably dead   


  



when you try and set your friend up with someone   


  



that look she gives you when you finish after  seconds   


  



me in  years   


  



He started slowly undoing his belt from under the tableShe bit her lip. Was this really happening? Here? “Fuck it“ she thought, and started undoing her own beltHe motioned to the waiter “Another round of wings please”They smiled at each other, knowing they both had room now                                 

me, at every social function   


  



poor anon watched his melon children get eaten by his family   


  



nice poetry   


  



we all know she stayed   


  



chill   


  



best weather   

just a duck with socks on. nothing special.   

Mexican Usher   

how the trump-Russia investigations feel like   


  



me and my bestie in  years googling the bitches we hated back in the day and trash talking pictures of their grandkids   


  



when your mom is yelling at you and she stutters   


  



the daily struggle   


  



when your best friend’s girlfriend starts sending you hearts   


  



do you ever see what people your age are accomplishing and think "wow" and then go back to bed  

me in real life   


  



her Do you love animals?me[thinking back to when I told a moose I loved it but it didn't reciprocate] It's complicated  

also me But do I really mean it when I apologize? No.   


  



my steps to recovery, psychological health and emotional stability   


  



looking for sponsors  

chill   


  



I want someone to look at my junk the way this girl looks at this cake   


  



how to date with total honesty   

that’s sad   


  



when someone bumps into you and says sorry   


  



when someone just leaves a comment on your selfie and doesn’t like it   


  



fish in grocery stores be like   


  



homeless guy Anything helps.me Sorry I don’t have any mon-homeless guy I said anything.me Uh, ok? [does a little dance]homeless guy There we go.  

chill   


  



just a harmless prank..   

a Dutch ad encouraging its citizens to learn English   

tree kangaroos are a lot like regular kangaroos, except they're twice as fluffy, and almost resemble small tree-dwelling bears.   


  

 

is this profile for the girl or the horse?   


  



when you are feeling horny and check if you’re home alone   


  



seems reasonable enough   


  



this child is on to something   


  



The year is , you’re in your Benz sitting next to your spouse that you met on Hinge and your kids. Cardi B comes on the radio and you start rapping. Your kids tell you to put your tongue back in your mouth. You respond “okurrr”.  

they say that like it’s a bad thing   


  



when ur crush texts u cute things like "who is this" and "how did u get this number"    


  



legit logic   


  



my superpower is picking the slowest moving line at the grocery store.  

it’s important to watch people's faces post tequila shot because the people that don't even flinch are going through some shit and it should be an interesting night  

I just found something new to fight about, ur welcome, internet.   

chill   


  



pretty much how I feel going to the gym http//t.cn/EjGVOJ  

take my money   

rice tsunami 🌊   


  



Capoo has  legs...   

these sheep made of cables   


  



helicockter   


  



wholesome   


  



thank you fish   


  



me after reading one chapter of a psychology book and analyzing and unpacking the people around me   


  



how it feels when you’re about to present and the teacher is trying to quiet down the other students   


  



 that person is ravishing that person would make a fine spouse, a fine spouse indeed I say that person should rearrange my fucking insides. gut me like a fucking fish. steamroll me, scrape my remains off the pavement, and feed me to birds  

- sir, the price is  but we‘ll charge  morefor shipping- no, that‘s too much- okay,  price with free shipping-   


  



chill   


  



this is cool but I mean there’re better hobbies..   

“Maaaaa he took my eggroll!”   

my dad when he’s stressed but doesn’t want to say anything   

me after binge watching  hours of Desperate Housewives   

he’s struggling so hard to get that shirt on   

crush only guys with small dicks drive big carsme   


  



the sexual tension is invigorating   


  



when you and your homie realize you can’t get each other pregnant   

date goals   


  



life hack   


  



first of all biiiiitch, you don’t even wanna know what ya man said in confessions last week, so take a seat.   


  



fun thing to do go to a parking lot and put sticky notes on people’s cars saying "sorry for the damage" and watch them look for it  

“Why do you not post more selfies?”   


  



winter is coming   


  



the Dior catwalk... without the walk   

chill   


  



me running to my bed for a depression nap like   

green dragon tail butterflies   

hello Mr.Gator   

sometimes I look at emails I’ve written and genuinely can't believe I’m pretending to be this professional.  

hi fren wut u lukin at   

when your boy is lying to his girl and randomly involves you in the lie   


  



I wait for the replay first and then send another meme   


  



*checks bank account**adjusts tinder age range to +*   


  



- hello my government isn’t doing what I told it to do - have you tried turning it off and on again   


  



so sweet   


  



why not just say price instead of point   


  



Uber driver where we headed?me to rob a bank take this gunUB NO WA-me if you don't you're getting  starsUB [quieﬂy takes gun]  

wholesome   


  



how to parallel park. Pull up just past the space. Look at how much space there is. Think "fuck that". Drive off  

ur only ¥ away from ur soulmate. too bad u can’t afford it  

chill   


  



Trump better hope no one shows Mexico this old video http//t.cn/EtKDd  

my guy needs a backpack   

when you find out that your cat is from ISIS   

dancing ostrich   

when your beardless roommate is in the bathroom and you hear your electric razor turn on   


  



when your buddy is doing  on the highway and says “you ever just feel like life is meaningless?”   


  



alright Gordon Ramsey   


  



the water is angry because you hurt its feelings. apologize to the water and drink again   


  



life hack   


  



just another tiktok victim   


  



when you set up your gf & watch her get picked up by police from the airport   


  



kill’em all   


  



therapist you can be anything you want to beme   


  



chill   


  



worth every second   

this polar bear petting a dog   

how to write a hip hop song in  seconds   

the bald dude was like “fuck he’s onto me”   

little sea potato was hungry   

my life is a lie   


  



I can’t help you if you don’t have that ¥  

relatable   


  



nice joke dad   


  



I think he has a boner   


  



when he actually lets you go thru his phone but you find nothing then he says, "aiite lemme see yours"   


  



all men do is lie and cum quick   


  



me with all food   


  



my therapist you need to practice compassion for yourselfmy brain yeah you dumb bitch be nicer to yourself  

love be like that sometimes   


  



legendary   


  



Newton's Pee Law No matter how much you press it, shake it, rotate it, slap it and pull it. The last drop of urine is for your underwear.  

dude..   


  



¥ to start all over again  

chill   


  



virgin of the world! assembled! http//t.cn/EvQsf  

jellies in the bellies   

this is what’s wrong with the internet   

me I’m so over him. I’m done.* days later*friend you fucked him again, didn’t you?me   

’s style   


  



is that an LGBT keyboard?   


  



that one chair in your house   


  



the evilest thing I could imagine   

peppa is power   


  



I have to try this   


  



horoscope you deserve to breathe me oh my god...that’s so true...   


  

 

man applauds his thinking   


  



when you get a gf & she waiting on you to announce you got a girl on social media so the hoes be gone   


  



why does everyone have to tell introverts to talk more and to step out of comfort zone, but no one tells extroverts to SHUT THE FUCK UP for a minute and make the zone comfortable  

chill   


  



black lab picked up some friends   

German is such a beautiful language   

Hafþór carrying service   

Courtney Hadwin - pretty little thing   

this guy has the smooth voice of Morgan Freeman, a small accent of Sean Connery, and a shit motherfuckery mouth of Samuel Jackson.   

"Mommy why does that man have wires on his air pods?"“Come on kids. This neighborhood isn’t safe.”   


  



me and my bestie in  years   


  



me on Valentine's Day on the phone with the bestie talking shit about men, "Ya girl, he ain’t shit, loser ass bitch, I know, trust me, I know how you feel. Fuck men"   


  



EU talking to the UK right now   

me waiting for my package to arrive   


  



Eminem eating M&Ms with other Eminems   


  



whatever it takes man..   


  



those damned new yorkers   


  



This guy lives next to the airport. Painted this on his roof to screw with the passengers as they fly low overhead. He lives in Milwaukee.   


  



the look of horror on every passenger’s face when children & infants start boarding the plane   


  



prince emoji review   


  



one pic to ruin your fantasies   


  



chill   


  



legend says he’s still guzzling   

Mario is a psychopath   

here I present you another cat lover Galexicon and his awesome cat   


  

 

one singular tear. streamed down my face   

Mongolians are Asian Vikings  

such facts   


  



mom is a savage   


  



Shane deserves a raise   


  



cursed images   


  



Austria right now   

I fart loudly to assert dominance   


  



the kind of wholesome people I’m looking for   


  



that’s pretty smart James   


  



hard seeing other people living out my dreams   


  



sex is cool but have you ever wanted to cancel plans but didn’t then they cancel  

when the toilet paper is thin as a hair   


  



kinda makes sense   


  



chill   


  



the land is mine   

when you’re overqualified for the job   

this babe needs a coconut in her arms   


  



cursed images   


  



imagine spending  years in college to become a lawyer and your client shows up to court like this   


  



relationship goals   


  



god you can breathe underwater!fish nice.god also eat and drink underwater.fish so where do I go to the bathroom?godfish just on the land or something?  

Jeff Bezos sexts like he's an AI in a human suit   


  



carnivore vs. vegetarian vs. vegan   


  



wholesome   


  



shocking   


  

 

look at that big magnet working   

Hooters would make far more money if they converted from being a breastaurant to being a place where you could drink beer and pet actual owls.  

there’s always a bigger fish   


  



what if that was the end?   


  



chill   


  



“Do you beat your meat?”me   

that was beautiful   

“It’s ma’am, it is ma’am”   

me about to cheat on my diet   

if you don’t do this..you’re a lying piece of shit   

when the only memes you’re tagged in are about being drunk, depressed, broke and being a ho   


  



we not really friends if we haven’t almost died in a car together  

think deeply about your cat   


  



wtf   


  



Isthisthereallife kinda sad but ok   


  



same   


  



family size   


  



It didn’t ask to be born   


  



chill   


  



you will never be this cool   

squad goals   


  



crazy how nature do that   

it’s just that easy   

break the cycle, morty   

kids these days would just roast your ass   


  



Lomata is looking for a chandler bing   


  



It’s nice to see Natalie Portman working again   


  



why isn’t this a thing?   


  



he gay tho   


  



he’ll glow   


  



in my experience, adulthood is mostly piling stuff up on surfaces and then eventually having to clean off those surfaces  

me celebrating after completing a single simple task at work   


  



depressed depression   


  



you can’t force yourself to stop liking someone, but you can find someone taller on Hinge and move on  

Florida snowman   


  



chill   


  



his smile is brighter than my future   

闹米_NAOMI is looking for a horrible person   


  



girls who undo their jean button after eating are Queens  

no mercy   


  



but what about tiktok   


  



interviewer where do you see yourself in  yearsme in your chair, but asking better questions   


  



I want to circumcise your new app logo so badly 罗永浩   


  

 

chill   


  



waiting  seconds to skip a YouTube ad be like   


  



accurate representation of how I stand under pressure   


  



一颗狐西汀 big nerd girl lookin for a boii   


  



my anxiety calling my other mental illnesses over so they can ruin my day and watch me suffer together   


  



my favorite chart   


  



every time I see an engagement announcement on social media   


  



that is racist   


  



“the homework is optional but-“   


  



date so you were married twice before?me yesdate any kidsme no they were both adults  

chill   

me Goodnight bed, goodnight floor, goodnight-cellmate Hey asshole.mecellmatemecellmate You forgot the moon.me Ahh yes, goodnight moon.  

that’s why my food is taking forever   

me sharing yet another ridiculous story about my dating life to entertain my friends   


  



when all your friends are talking about their trash bfs and your gay ass can’t relate so you feel good for a second before you remember how lonely you are   


  



-雀跃- paid to show y’all his wet pussy   


  

 

my whole life   


  



chicken quantum entanglement   


  



me trying to socialize   


  



Casey weighs over  lbs and plays video games all day naked   

I don’t think they meant it that way   


  



actual footage of 谷大白话 interviewing a土人   

chill   


  



date do you have protection me of course. [shouting] Carl? [a very strong man enters the room]date no I meant - [he hands me a condom]me very good Carl. That will be all.  

me trying to follow my new year’s resolution   

dinner time for orchid mantis   

I like those repetitive hit on her head   

he has all that knowledge http//t.cn/EGnpUNZ  

me refusing to let anyone else have the spotlight   


  

 

when you shave your junk and she cancels   


  



guys with feet like this have % chance of stealing your girl   


  

 

when your foundation doesn’t match your skin tone   


  



me and my bestie going out for casual drinks knowing damn well we’re gonna be blacked out in no time   


  



uuucaaantseeemeee a very simple man “want some online friends”.   


  



these ridiculously photogenic German police and protester   


  



when you see your friend cheating on diet   

just in case   


  



there’s always a bigger fish   


  



chill   


  



he invented camo jokes   


  



that’s no kiss that’s rape   

“I don’t give a fuck if I’m late to work. I wish they would fire me.”also me   


  



me headed into every relationship   


  



this is a valid question   


  



pay attention to your TGR   


  



I hate Rajalingam   


  



*slow clap* 👏   


  



T-Rex emoji review   


  



when niggas in the Friendzone catch the boyfriend cheating   


  



when you see a lit meme but the feed refreshes and you never see it again   


  



when they make fun of you at school but your mom says that you look like a handsome young man   


  



when I ask my crush if she is free and her ugly friend says no   


  



chill   


  



the maddest lads   

hope she gets that part   

can you hear the scream?   

too late   


  



goals   


  



Ako本人 nerdy boi looking for friends & he doesn’t want to sound desperate   


  



when you’re a princess and haven’t been given attention in  minutes   


  



me on the weekend vs. showing up to work Monday morning   


  

 

same   


  



hollywood vs. anime vs. korean drama Analysis   


  



you and your significant other looking at each other trying to figure out how to dip out of a social event early   


  



well at least she is committed   


  



bae come over my parents aren’t home me I’m good   


  



accurate   


  

 

me on vacation   


  



you always think you’re special until you have to pick a username  

we don’t deserve dogs   


  



Samantha_Mulder is lookin for a boiiii   


  



chill   


  



guess the country   

the “Siri, open Yelp” got me   

man, that could have hit him in the fucking eye   

 KW light bulb test   

the hardest choices require the strongest wills   


  



when your straight friend Jean makes a funny joke   


  



me listening to his lies knowing I have screenshots ready to destroy him   


  



my mom showing me where something is after I told her I couldn’t find it   


  



still being single at  just means I statistically avoided my first divorce  

it’s tradition   


  



and now it all makes sense   


  



same   


  



that is gay bro   


  



live from yeti’s vagina   


  



[in bar]guy did you know it's physically impossible to lick your elbowme [rips his dang arm right off of his body] try it now  

'Game of Thrones' director David Nutter says all episodes in S will be longer than  minutes   


  



chill   


  



snow in the sea   

y'all afraid to moan during sex but I be in my girls ear like..   

when the dad joke backfires   


  



when you survive everything in  and make it to  and the first meme of the year is a fucking lemon   


  

 

if you stand up right when the plane lands, you’re an asshole   


  



if you can run a Google search on your ex’s new girlfriend, then you can run a Google search on how to build your own business. Stop saying you don’t know where to start when the truth is you’re focused on the wrong shit.  

when you meet all his friends and realize you got the ugly one   


  



my biggest fear is taking a screenshot of a convo and accidentally sending it to the same person  

me leaving my therapist’s office with a bunch of good advice that I’ll never use   


  



now with clothing   


  



genius   


  



when ur lurking and u get ur feelings hurt but u can't believe what u just saw so u go back to look at it and get hurt all over again   


  

 

wtf   


  

 

when your workout is interrupted by suicidal thoughts and you lose count of how many crunches you did   


  



when it looks like your human might not finish their food   


  



chill   


  



my new spirit animal the “coconut octopus” showing us the perfect way to deal with life when it gets too overwhelming   

what Swiss army does when it is neutral   

when you toss aside all of your horrible past experiences and fall into the trap of optimism with a new crush because you literally never learn   


  



wife i've sent the kids to the sitterme coolwife *taking clothes off* you know what that means?me yeah, someone who looks after our children for money  

*listens to  savage once*   


  



every single one of your ancestors got laid  

her gay friends she told you not to worry about   


  



just like grandma used to make   


  



*buzzes into sand*   

when your gf is asking what is happening during a scary scene because she’s scared and refuses to look   


  



hostage *screaming*mafia boss hurry up and tape his mouth!me *still trying to find the end of the tape on the roll*  

waiter Would you like Parmesan cheese on your meal?me Yeswaiter Say whenme Well now makes the most sense  

chill   


  



how to count   

P-aminoazobenzene this handsome young man is looking for a girl   


  



damn it Karen   


  



 kuai to find out if you’ll die alone  

I can wear that in public   

not again   


  



new year’s fireworks from Austria   


  



“answer my damn question”   


  



parental tip   


  



is it illegal tho   


  



goals   


  



get a job Kerro   


  



relatable   


  



Russian anesthesia   


  



me - "you know how you always wanted an ostrich?"GF - "um...no?"[insane amount of noise coming from the kitchen while I struggle to keep the door closed]  

or just delete the tweet   


  



security Animals aren't allowed in this art gallery, sir.me It's my guide dog.dog Picasso, born //, was a Spanish painter...  

chill   


  



cop in the van was filming silver surfer’s dick   

“eat my ass doggo”   

Morgan Freeman reviews  http//t.cn/EbBWAZ  

me congratulating myself for doing the bare minimum in    

an artist ahead of her time   


  



calmness before the New Years resolution storm   


  



this cat is an internet legend   


  



how to properly end things as  begins   


  



iitsvs is looking for a girlfriend please keep your comments wholesome   


  



how old were you when you found out this 🙏 is a high five emoji and not a prayer emoji  

France during a revolution vs. France during a war   


  

 

that’s just an excuse   


  



this sculpture bothers me a lot   


  



same   


  



dog slips, drops more than just his stick   


  



no subtitles needed   

my new year’s resolution is ×  

you may now kiss each other in the comment section(sad people only)  

chill   


  



beautiful   

how I eat a salad   

man reviews scotch while his wife packs up her things and leaves him in the background   

science has gone too far   

this song calms you down   

biggest troll ever   

me when I think I’m smiling   


  



relatable   


  



the sticker is the secret ingredient   


  



bruh   


  



son mommy what’s a podcast?me well, dear, when a group of men love their opinions very much...  

motorcycle communication system   


  



me *holding my daughter* I can’t remember who she iswife you have amnesiame *tearing up* what a beautiful name  

|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣||  “It’s too bad that          ||   stupidity isn’t painful.” | |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|              (\__/)    ||             (•ㅅ•)   ||            /  　  づ  

I guess I’m good now   


  



chill   


  



Spirit airlines but did you die?   

feed him the seed you monster   

beat boxing cat   

I’m not alone   


  



and that’s where it all began   


  



me when someone calls me snotty   


  



when you are , living at home with no job, not going to college, and your Dad sees an Army Recruiter out in town   


  



cool so do I   


  



mind blown   


  



apply yourself   


  



god *creates wolf* you'll be a ferocious hunter, master of the forestwolf sweet thanksgod but your descendants will live in an apartment with some lady who's gonna feed them dried nuggies from a bag and chop off their nutsdog dude what the fuck  

new year resolution   


  



adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane  

an actual picture of me in the future   


  



Netflix are you still watching?me noNetflix do you want it on in the background anyway to fill the deafening silence of your loneliness?me ...yeh  

chill   


  



when you’re a little chunkier than you realize   

so 鱼香肉思 is looking for a boyfriend.please keep the comment section wholesome..   


  



passionate sign language interpreter at Rock Gig   

wtf was that   

how to make your teeth white   

actual photo of how well I’m keeping it all together right now   


  



during late March, the camels come ashore to lay their eggs   


  



this gonna piss a lot of people off..   


  



remember as days get colder animals are attracted to the warmth of cars so check wheel arches or other hiding places   


  



me *walks into a bar* bouncer “ID please” me *puts in AirPods*Bouncer [thinking i’m a celebrity] “Right this way sir”  

lookin for sponsors  

I ain’t no snitch but...that’s iron man   


  

 

all the “New Me’s” from every other year watching me say it again   


  



me in Hinge profile vs. me in real life   


  



Shaq’s sweatpants   


  



when you have an existential crisis but then you tell yourself “it be like that sometimes”   


  



thank you sandy   


  



women ain’t shit   


  



chill   


  



these little chicks have an unlikely hero 🐧   

another weird Japanese movie   

ur welcome Britain   


  



nice save bruh   

we don’t deserve dogs   

she can stay there   


  



-Year-Old grandma uses only Microsoft Paint to create digital masterpieces   


  



japanlish in a nutshell   

my last two brain cells teaming up for another night of bad decisions   


  



friends can’t you see he’s fucking trash and you deserve better??me   


  



say no to big gay   


  



a tender tale with a cruel ending   


  



AirPod users welcoming new members who received them for Christmas   


  



in all the movies, Santa never goes to the house directly next door. He always gets in his sleigh & fucks off like  miles east.  

chill   


  



Hillary looks like John Lennon and Churchill doesn’t give a fuck   


  



parents  years ago kids, dont talk to strangers onlineparents now me and your mother met when she dmed me on twitter and said “spit on me daddy”  

just a dog living its best life   

it’s not gay if you don’t remember anything else   


  



soak all of them   


  



mom, dad, you might want to sit down for this..   


  



goals tbh   


  



greatest thing ever for pets   


  



you should watch that movie   


  



people with airpods be like   


  



when he wake up and his phone says disabled for  days  hours  minutes  seconds   


  



how parents go from “Sex is bad” to “I want grandkids”?  

she seems like a nice lady   


  



[introducing new friend at a party]me this is Dave. He never fucked my girlfriendDave heyme this is Jim. He never fucked my girlfriendJim heyme this is Derrick.DerrickDerrick h-me fuck you Derrick  

chill   


  



come on little buddy   

“I can’t believe you have to work Christmas”“yes Mary because you’re here”   


  



just wing it   


  



I’ve been doing it wrong my whole life   


  



these police officers in Brazil haven’t lost their Christmas spirit   


  



good morning Agent Starling   


  



when you’re trying to hide your flirting with jokes but low key want them to know it’s kinda real   


  



oh   


  



Murica   


  



the wind never stood a damn chance   


  



when someone lightly makes fun of me and I start thinking of all the ways I can ruin their life   


  



remember when you were little and you'd fall on the trampoline and everyone would keep jumping so you couldn't get back up? that's how adult life feels  

if he gets out he deserves whatever that is   


  



keep your coworkers on their feet by beginning your next e-mail with "If you're reading this, I'm already dead."  

chill   


  



birds are basically air fish   

this just might be the sweetest fucken weirdness I’ve ever seen   

just take my money   

this is very overhyped for fuck sake   

sometimes life turns you into spaghetti   

me not being sure where life is taking me but I'm still enjoying the ride   

that’s her only undie http//t.cn/EgBkT  

red berries only   

this is...it’s beautiful   


  



idk how people can look at a newborn and say it looks like their parents like sis it looks like a piece of ham  

bruh   


  

 

for some reason I don’t think the age is the problem here   


  



fun holiday activities to do with the fam   


  



i just got my DNA test back and it‘s negative  

essentials   


  



I relate to this so hard   


  



when you finally find the perfect guy   


  



chill   


  



game of thrones VHS   

ding ding dong   

Dirty Diana - Liana Blackburn   

I can listen to her pronouncing “perfect” hundreds of times   

Ozzy man reviews the girl’s amazing gymnastics skills   

what if you had no value to begin with?   

feel ya   


  



barrier man   


  



outstanding move   


  



that was straight forward   


  



we’re not so different   


  



murders are just angels sending angels home early   


  



“Relax Jamal, I said ‘square root’ not ‘square up’”   


  



looking for sponsors..  

how do you cope with all that pressure   


  



does anyone else just permanently wear headphones even if there's no music playing it's just kind of a part of you  

chill   


  



girls in the bathroom at the bar http//t.cn/EjTqS  

give him the cake already!   

this just made me feel old   

the lion...she seems so serious about it   

so damn long but worth it   

doggo trying to get a statue to play fetch with him   

Polish cardinal blessing a supercomputer cluster. .   


  



nice. I’ll take two.   


  



how I sleep knowing my ex is messing up someone else’s life   


  



[watching TV]“Buy her the perfect diamond earrings for the holidays...”wife Those are perf-me *changes channel*  

online negotiations   


  

 

big mood   


  



I bet all the blind people loved seeing this   


  



Italians and Japanese liked it though   


  



pizza guy Your total is $.me I can’t afford thatpizza guy Well you’ll have to pay some other wayme [takes out wallet] Wait I forgot I had  dollarsporn director Cut  

chill   


  



just a single dad taking care of his kid   

you’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy   


  



make music not war http//t.cn/EXFE  

teamwork at its finest   


  



bruh   


  



France is preparing for war(photo in color)   


  



not even mad   


  



casino commercial vs. reality   


  

 

cursed images   


  



Poland’s pothole problem is out of control   


  



sorry dad   


  



Harry is a lizard   


  



gargoyles vs. russian   


  

 

chill   


  



she looks like she was a nazi   

transformers twerking   

say no to unplanned pregnancy   

when you’re the only person who doesn’t get the joke   

Mount Everest, which stand over + km tall, compared to Earth   

[liquor store]cashier whoa someone's thirstyme dont be silly Sharon im buying these for a bunch of middle schoolers  

that’s metal as fuck   


  



me waking up shouldn’t be called “waking up”.... it should be called... logging on to real lifeblack mirror here is one million dollars  

when your manager tells a terrible joke but you all want a pay rise   


  



some call it a date, I call it a fart holding test  

when you pause Phantom Menace at just the right spot   


  



Murica   


  



applying lip balm when you know someone’s watching you is a power move  

- excuse me doctor, can I ask you something? what happens when we die?- we give your bed to somebody else.   


  



when you finally agree to a threesome and your man giving the guy all the dick   


  



xxxtentacion AYE AYE YUH AYYEEEE BITCHHH *inaudible screeching*xxxtentacion fans   


  



anyone else here pin their hand between their thighs for warmth and security?  

chill   


  



dog rescue a cat   

I bet the enterprise got a bit stinky   

when she says she wants to see other people   

this scene is pure gold   

just a happy doggo   

the gay agenda   


  



me in a nutshell   


  



accurate   


  



be like John   


  



when your phone isn’t waterproof   


  



when you see your boss taking credit for shit you just did   


  



preachers listen to me, buster   


  



not sure which way this guy is facing   


  



marriage advice   


  



me making predictions about my future   


  



her towards her ex oh well. Things didn't work out. He’s not a bad guyher towards her friends ex I literally fcking hate him. If he ever comes near you again I’m running him over with my car. You deserve so much better than his bird lookin ass.  

how dare you say that   


  



chill   


  



huh, neat   

the new captain marvel trailer but “survivor” by destiny’s child plays in the background instead   

me bringing yet another amazon box off the porch around the holidays   

“I’m sorry little one”   

I feel uncomfortable   


  



that is gay   


  



noice   


  



was he trying to get kids to grab his dick...geez   


  



stick together forever   


  



boop   


  



genius   


  



jokes on them, it’s all porn   


  



he right   


  



savage water   


  



the best days of our lives   


  



me trying to turn my life around   


  



butterflies drinking the tears of a caiman. in regions where salt is scarce, it’s common to see butterflies and even bees drinking tears from reptiles   


  

 

chill   


  



[restaurant] date this chicken is a little dryme I think my burger‘s undercooked waiter how is everythingme it’s great date so good  

I’m walking here   

that timing   

this is so beautiful   

my upstairs neighbors when I’m about to go to sleep   

girls on Instagram be like..   


  



forgive and forget?nah...fuck you and fuck that.   


  



what kind of alligator is this   


  



classic   


  



that’s really messed up   


  



how dare they   


  



I thought grandpa was on his freak shit for a second   


  



well, I like sleeping without being touched or weighted down. fuck me, right?   


  



for that joke alone I’d already want to date her   


  



asshole   


  

 

[at Home Depot]me hey, I need some gardening gloves, a tarp, a shovel, and some lyeclerk haha, you kill somebody? me our dog diedclerk oh God, I’m so sorry...me haha, just kidding. I killed somebody  

chill   


  



good night Chernobyl   

snake cat   

how to mess with coworkers   

I’d love to park next to him and only leave a foot between our cars   

when your dad and stepdad put beef aside to support you on your big day   


  



[girl riding Pinocchio's face]Pinocchio +=her ohh yeahhhhPinocchio the sky is greenher ohhhh fuckkkk yeahhh  

make it rain   


  



going out in your ’s   


  



fastest things on earth   


  



when she’s thinking about forgiving you, but her friends are there to remind her you ain’t shit   


  



 was a big year for bing   


  



when you start an RPG and equip all objects you find   


  



she tried to fit a nipple into her butthole clearly   


  



liquor store worker do you need help?me yes, but I decided to come here instead.   


  



did you know that it’s actually possible to say “I don’t know enough about this to have an opinion”  

meow meow   


  



#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments   

chill   


  



woman trying to put gas in her electric car   

baby donkey swinging in a hammock   

sad Christmas   

she thought he was rapping   

grandpa doesn’t give a fuck   

cool dog   


  

 

doesn’t sound so bad actually   


  



feels   


  



my biggest fear is a killer saying some funny shit while I'm playing dead  

Russia in one picture   


  



thinking that lamp is a microphone   


  



adult life   


  



all memes ever since  till now   


  



these socks   


  



wtf   


  



the right way to do CPR   


  



pretty sure my fortune cookie is telling me to masturbate   


  



that’s wild   


  



nothing says “I mean business” like using a cart at a liquor store  

who needs that kind of positivity in their lives   


  



bruh   


  

 

this burrito shop really understands its customer base   


  



me dealing with my problems   


  



chill   


  



let me see the other fighters   

that poor old dude   

me and my girl after a full day of being lazy in the house   

that hurt dog sound took me out   

me giving my final exam to my teacher and going home   

me when my mom forces me to come out & say hi during family functions   

when you’ve explained why you’re mad  times & he still don’t get it   


  



at least she’s self aware   


  



some heroes don’t wear capes   


  



my last three brain cells trying to write the introduction paragraph to my thesis at  am   


  



when my parents see me relaxing   


  

 

type in “R” for respect   


  



going into  like...   


  



when the date is going nicely then she looks nervous and asks how you feel about trans people   


  



my face when the Dairy Queen worker flips my blizzard upside down   


  



daughter look mom it’s the Indian Oceanmom doesn’t look very Indian to meIndian Ocean helo saxy bby show bob and veganamom now we are talking   


  



bruh   


  



going to university is a strange thing.you’re constantly tired.you have no idea what you’re doing.you’re an alcoholic.but your parents are proud of you.  

chill   


  



this is actually beautiful   

harmless pranks   

turn your phone upside down   

life hack   


  



how do you keep your kids away to have some private moment   

no one told you life was gonna be this way   


  



how I’m gonna do my job for the rest of    


  



that’s illegal   


  



is it Capitaine France?   


  



when you hitting it from the back & you start reading her bible verse tattoo   


  



sometimes I wonder if the Onion is the only real news   


  



dude, I think he might be gay   


  



chill   


  



when my gf tells me to talk dirty in bed   

mf gave me a heart attack   

when you gay but like a straight person   

so you forked her   


  



this is why I hate going out with my dad   


  



but who meowed first   


  



but it has hearts, so it must be love   


  



The Onion started posting real news   


  



Professor X So what's your power?me I can heal immediately-X Oh, we already have someone that can do that.me -from any emotional wounds.X That's dumb. You can't join the team.me I'm completely ok with that.  

plants that just won’t give up   


  



Evolution of a Coffee Drinker.  Parts Creamer.  Part Coffee. Half Creamer, Half Coffee. Black Coffee. BIack Coffee With Espresso. Snorting Coffee Grounds  

chill   


  



imagine having sex with a ghost and then someone walks into your room and they see your asshole widening and narrowing for no reason   


  

 

in , firefighters from Wiltshire, England saved piglets from a barn fire. six months later, the farmer sent them sausages made from the piglets as a token of appreciation.   


  



global warming send us your best fighter humanity   


  



they are not?   


  



when you were ready for WW but they end up resolving it diplomatically   


  



a pelican befriended a stray dog who was often spotted hanging out all alone along the boat docks. the man who photographed this has adopted him but brings him back every day to see his friend, Petey the Pelican.   


  



me looking at the board in class, not taking anything in   


  



if there's nothing to be anxious about i will create something  

stick figure is dumping out like he gives zero fuck   


  



accidental racism   


  



when someone tries getting close to your best friend   


  



chill   


  



fuck that shit   


  



extremely deep   


  



riot police in France looks like a R background   


  



gotta be sure   


  



when ur in th grade and ur crush plays yellow by coldplay for u on his guitar   


  



me white upper middle class family during the holidays   


  



after Italians give advice they always throw their hands up & say“but fuck do I know?”just in case their advice ruins your life   


  



when you’re a grumpy ass, troll-like person by nature but still really want to maintain a soft and feminine aesthetic   


  



a single father raising his two pups   


  

 

two down   


  



playing that damn good game and realizing the inner emptiness you’ll feel when you’ll finish it   


  



you just described me   


  



chill   


  



these ducks experience snow for the first time and are not impressed   

what religion is this   

pick your power   


  



this fire hydrant is up to no good   


  



how are we supposed to sample this...and why is she wearing gloves   


  



when you're sure your roommate ate your last piece of cake so you smell her breath to confirm that she is a liar   


  



my cat when he walks past me while I’m shaving my pubes   


  



thank you   


  



#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments   

stop faking orgasms. look at him with cold, unimpressed eyes until he either shamefully bows out or does his fuckin job.  

they’ll get to Stark after they get Matt Damon back again   


  



when your mom walks in on you playing with yourself   


  



what kind of animal leaves this track   


  



chill   


  



when someone wants to take a selfie with your ugly ass but you’re too shy to say no   


  



dammit jimmy   


  



damn vacuum won’t start   

wholesome   


  



*in hell*satan dude you gotta stop following me around me I don't know anyone else here I feel awkward  

my ego be like..   


  



when you’re supposed to be asleep   


  



these kids were asked to dress up as Elves for their school play. One kid dressed up as Elvis.   


  



staying alive   


  



guess I’ll kill myself then   


  



cursed images   


  



why I relate to both memes   


  

 

men in the tampon aisle   


  



don’t introduce this kid to guns   


  



this is so pure   


  



awkward   


  



he is not wrong   


  



children’s playground in Russia   


  



it’s not gay if you misunderstood   


  



me preparing to click “yes I am ” when I was    


  



“Sandra can you open this fucken thing BIT OF SITUATION HERE”   


  



electron microscope images   


  



family gathering tip put your boyfriend at the side of your family in case you need to remove him later   


  



how I look vs. how my grandma sees me   


  

 

this is how little kids cough   


  



ancient skull found on archaeological dig is proof of our alien origins.   


  



that look you and your friend give each other when you know you’re about to make some regrettable, risky, all-around bad decisions together   


  



“it looks like you’re pregnant.”“I’m pregnant?”“no, but it looks like you are.”   


  



retweet the forbidden frog bread for luck and power   


  

 

god works in mysterious ways   


  



Gen Z language   


  



introvert survival guide   


  



relationships are an expensive way to watch someone slowly like you less and less  

“what an idiot”   


  



at least he sticks to the schedule   


  



all in one trip   


  



accidental racism   


  



chill   


  



you won’t expect that..   

this is art   

I get it, they both drank cranberry juice   


  



wacky wavy inflatable tube man   


  



I would be concerned if someone actually looked like that   


  



must be in Florida   


  



I’m still not % sure where girls pee from   


  



what about the sixth one please select your gender?   


  



I’m not just playing   


  



the fact that l procrastinate and still get the job done is the reason I still procrastinate  

pocket pup   


  



do you want lesbians in space? because this is how you get lesbians in space   


  



when everything in your life is fucked up, but you’re used to   


  



friendzoned doggo   


  



school reunions are scams. nobody actually misses you.they just want to know if you've made it in life.  

chill   


  



sad story   


  



how chicken look before you fry it   


  



ok girls, act like you’re having a good time   


  



Tumblr when they lose like % of their users after banning porn   


  



could you not   


  



me after death *slams hells gates open, takes off bra and shoes and sits on satans Iap*“I'm fucking home, what's the wifi password?!”  

when you take a great selfie   


  



calculated prank   


  



when you stand up and the alcohol hits you and you gotta stay focused on not dying   


  



“bear with me” you say. we both turn into bears and escape into the woods  

chill   


  



that’s actually terrifying   

heavy metal animals   


  



when someone is roasting you but you’re about to unleash that one insult that will destroy their will to live   


  



I wish this was a thing   


  



that’s just plane gay   


  



that’s what I call California thinking   


  



country roads   


  



thicc   


  



we all need to make sacrifices Yoshi   


  



the man who invented autocorrect should burn in hello  

when bae doesn’t text you back   


  



special mug made for forever singles   


  



sunset lights up ice chunks on Diamond Beach, Iceland   


  



when you’re level  and you go to level + area http//t.cn/EycwxmS  

me, showing up to the office holiday party to ruin lives & careers   


  



when a girl taps my shoulder   


  



love this   


  



how the hell does a bird get stuck on a roof   


  



I hate windows updates   


  



gotta go   


  



life hack   


  



your cat’s reaction to finding you dead on the floor   


  



my petme   


  



me when I get left on read for  minutes   


  



bruh   


  



chill   


  



how to summon a cat   

 will probably be the last year that ends with “teen” for the rest of our lives.  

when yo homie hype you up to go talk to a girl and you look back one last time before risking it all   


  



goals   


  



me after having a dozen mental breakdowns   


  



me arriving in heaven after everyone thought i was going to hell   


  



relatable   


  



this is nice   


  



mugger *points gun* your money or your lifeme sure thing *hands him my id* you got  kids and didn’t actually understand the matrixmugger no i mean-me *already running away* your late for steph’s recital  

cause no trouble   


  



accurate   


  



what if you cracked your knuckles and your fingers started to glow like glow sticks  

#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments   

chill   


  



glitter drops   

come get some of this ass bitch   

ain’t nothing wrong with being gay, buddy   


  



this carpet is made to look like a statellite map   


  



your dad’s a fuckin genius   


  



isn’t nature beautiful   


  



well I know it now   


  



if this water is so smart how did it end up trapped in the bottles? stupid idiot water getting owned   


  



blowing a dandelion is basically you helping a weed ejaculate  

“heard you ladies wanted some ass.”   


  



Regular back-will hurt eventually-boring-stupid bonesBackstreet’s back-alright  

me too bag, me too   


  



chill   


  



a sandstorm is coming   

no need for title   

I’m gonna start doing this   


  



when you get bored with the main gameplay and start doing weird shit to NPC’s   


  



YouPorn responds to Starbucks’ porn ban by banning Starbucks   


  



as long as he doesn’t open the “homework” file   


  



great color!   


  



chill   


  



he thinks this little human can play ball with him   

when you do all of the work on a group project   

it’s back   

I think I download the wrong avenger   

when you finish throwing up and you hear someone say shots   


  



that just got real   


  



an actual photo of me trying to make it through this week   


  



this is the th century internet   


  



at least he didn’t cheat   


  



ghetto as shit   


  



you have to try harder   


  



zebra after defragmentation   


  



Guys who drive automatic my car is automaticGuys who drive manual I will NEVER drive an AUTOMATIC cuz I’m a REAL DRIVER and I am ONE with my MACHINE after I drive I PUT THE SHIFTER IN MY ASS because me and my MACHINE ARE ONE  

we will we will rock you!   

that’s me as a door bell   

when nobody loves you   

that’s a big dog   

shit you’re right   


  



put him out of his misery   


  



how you used to unfriend people back in the day   


  



they look like reptiles   


  



wat   


  



I’m back   


  



that’s an adorable question   


  



*texas intensifies*   


  



chill   


  



silent party in the streets of lissabon   

what mixtape is this   


  



does it kill you if you crash?   

this is not a bed, it’s a sleeping pit..and I need it in my life   


  



ringing my best friends to let them know I did the exact opposite of the advice they gave   


  



have you ever pretended not to look at the biscuits or sweets being handed around the room and acted surprised when you got offered one.  

them please don’t make a sceneme   


  



when somebody is talking to me but I'm just spacing out and heard nothing   


  



then beg   


  



drawing is wild. you think you know what things look like and then  minutes later you're googling "bird"  

chill   


  



porn site security   

how pikachu recharges   


  



Jim Carrey’s Canadian kidding face http//t.cn/ELXzQP  

feel you bro   

they gonna scissor   


  



hide and seek world champion   

fun vs. effort   


  



I need more details...   


  

 

when you get your first tattoo   


  



chill   


  



this guy just really fuckin hates balloons   

damn   


  



the social media queue   


  



I like to cry in the corner...and think about how lonely I am   


  



this is how seedless grapes are made   


  



when they left you on read for an hour so now you gonna leave them on read for a week so they can learn to value and appreciate you   


  



except that car is on the wrong side of the road for Canada   


  



show offs   


  



tiger emoji review   


  



why they have to give him Wonder Woman’s crotch   


  



private conversations in public   

no, jesus is his son. this is god   


  



when you get an unsolicited dick pic   


  



he’s black now   


  



this baby looks like he’s ready to pour you a pint at his pub   


  



the human legs make me uncomfortable   


  



an avocado farm   


  



would you still eat it?   


  



January  This is going to be my year. I’m gonna achieve so much!!November    


  

 

chill   


  



Black Friday chaos in Finland   

my love life   


  



big thanksgiving mood   


  



I got like  different laughs and they all ugly  

I’m ready to die   


  



accurate   


  



ways you can destroy a child mentally   


  



chill   


  



well, she dances better than me http//t.cn/ELvi  

Jack Nicholson prepping for The Shining   

[losing badly in a contest]guys it’s not a contest  

How to watch a movie in Step  open netflixStep  click through  filmsStep  select tv seriesStep  pick episode you’ve seenStep  look at phone for  mins  

when your friend shows you a YouTube video and is watching you to make sure you laugh   


  



at least I’ll have leg room   


  



mom how’s this semester going honey me   


  



chill   


  



lifting and moving straps   

sad   


  



punk’s not dead   


  

 

he looks so sad..just let him in   


  



same   


  



what is perfectly legal but creepy as hell?  

teacher everyone be quiet if I hear one peep you’re going to detention my best friend *literally exist*us   


  



bruh   


  



when your security gate is a ladder   


  



when your friend hands you the player  controller   


  



m&m is my spirit animal   


  



thought he was a thief   

vincenzo goin to jail   

science bitch   

wholesome   


  



when you creat a fake tinder profile   


  



from a dating app..   


  

 

the Canadian police meditating before starting the day to deal with situations more calmly without agitation   


  



the world’s biggest problem solved   


  



chill   


  



she dead   

what kinda porn is this   

do you ever just forget to hide your expressions for a minute and then you’re like woah I did not mean to make that face out loud  

“Life is a marathon, not a sprint.” cool, I dislike both of those things  

priorities   


  



owl emoji review   


  



those damn millennials   


  



when everything that you've studied shows up on the exam paper   


  



be a decent human being   


  



genius   


  



doctor your kidneys are failing me oh no wife *sobbing* how will we tell our sonme i-i’ll do it[later]me bad news kid, your knees are failing  

chill   


  



this could be a good movie   


  



how come women have been expecting orgasms from their mates since forever, but nothing ever happened 俞敏洪  

me *walk past nice bush*brain take some leavesme why?brain you gotta   


  



same   


  



how to pick up your drunk friend   


  



bruh   

when you haven’t unlocked all your friends yet   


  



guy with pigeon is the best   


  

 

cursed images   


  



life hack   


  



beat them at their own game   


  



your bothholes   


  



me forcing my friends to watch the shows/movies that I like   


  



fun for the whole family   


  



imagine the cleanup if you washed your face in the same reckless manner as someone in a neutrogena commercial   


  

 

ain’t no fence can stop this doge   

chill   


  



gotta try this on someone   

live every day like you're  nicole kidman leaving her lawyer's office after divorcing tom cruise   


  

 

meanwhile in Russia   

stages of life vs. mathematics skill   


  



Canadian road rage   

computer virus   


  



meanwhile I can’t get a text back   


  



savage   


  



chill   


  



hey goo-goo   

doctor have you tried exercising to help your depression?me   


  



fawn and bobcat cub found under a desk in office build after California forest fire rolled through   


  



number of friends I have in recent years  █　　       █　      █　　   █　      █　     █　　 ＿　 　　  

you may have partied hard before, but you never partied so hard you slept with a refrigerator door   


  



chill   


  



this extremely helpful sign..   


  



I saw this as a picture   


  



“hello land dog, I am water dog.”   

life hack   


  



I’m triggered   


  



when you’re , but still living with your mom   


  



nice   


  



I feel personally called out by this post on a profound level   


  



honesty is the best policy   


  



[in court]me *whispers to lawyer*lawyer this has nothing to do with the caseme asklawyer *sighs and looks at judge* do u think he’s cute be honest  

chill   


  



his soul just left his body   

it loooks like fucking grandma   

someone is ready for Mad Max   

when you forget your phone but you’re running late   

what Americans think when visiting Canada   


  



maybe Canada isn’t so bad after all   


  



hobbies & games   


  



chill   


  



nostalgia   


  



you, get in my mouth!   

his dad level is over    

when you let a small obstacle keep you from achieving your dreams   


  



me walking back into party after I threw up in the bathroom   


  



if snails are so slow, why don’t we ever see them coming? it’s like...boom there’s a snail  

*accidentally insults you in an attempt to flirt*  

when you got screenshots that could ruin lives, friendships and relationships and somebody wanna test ya patience   


  



me bumping the same song I’ve listened to about  times already   


  



I set my alarm  minutes early so I can hit snooze and feel like I’m treating myself  

chill   


  



his laugh as he runs away is priceless   

O boi   


  



what alien creature is this   


  



I thirst for tears   


  



sad parting gift   


  



this guy’s reaction to animals in zoology   

I won’t swallow cause I’m not gay   


  



chill   

when you make eye contact with someone through stall gates   


  



don’t  

chill   


  



savage   


  



when she squeezes your ass and bites your right nipple so you attack her with a baby   


  



when even your house starts giving you signs   


  



nobody deserves jared, even jared   


  



chill   


  



“kill me now”   


  



too much trust will kill you   

when you try to follow the makeup tutorial video on YouTube   


  



gay priest   


  

 

when I realize I’m more invested in these midterm elections than I’ve ever been in any relationship   


  



this is some of the most fucked up shit   

motorcyclist takes this corner at full speed   

dolphin emoji review   


  



when someone asks you how close you are to killing yourself   


  



he’s not wrong   


  



[texting]me touching my duck n thinking of youher gross, go to hellme *patting my duck's head* don't worry quack sparrow, she didn't mean it  

chill   


  



ok Johnny, I failed. waiting for you now.   

photoshop level epic   

whaddup my chicken nuggers   

when your vegan friends invite you for dinner   

absolute madlad but much respect   


  



my level of pettiness   

raccoons really are nature’s crackhead   

wholesome   

wtf is wrong with people   

japan the radiation is under control also japan   


  



k.   


  



it’s coming   


  



the best part of being a flight attendant has to be when you walk the aisle saying "trash" to everyone’s face.  

chill   


  



in school when someone gets cussed out & you try stir the beef   

me interrupting my dog’s sleep to pet him for the th time in  hour   

life hack   


  



he constantly thinks the screen door is closed, so they have to pretend to open it for him to come inside   

 ways to divide Italy   


  



the unusual friendship between dog and owl   


  

 

wizard emoji review   


  



constantly skipping a song on your favorites list is like realizing you don't like a friend as much as you thought you did.  

it’s always the ones you least expect   


  



almost every hand you shake has had a dick in it  

me waiting for anyone to text me about anything   


  



“honey, what flavor did you wa-..”   


  



chill   


  



when you just got in bed after a night of partying and remember you have a paper due tomorrow   

when it’s a one man job but all your lazy coworkers still join you   

me using the same CV to apply to all jobs   

when you’re not sure about Halloween anymore   

I’m not saying it’s right..but I understand   


  



interviewer would you call yourself a hard worker?me absolutely. I make almost everything harder than it has to be.  

when you realize trump respects turkeys more than women   


  



white people things   


  

 

sad boy   


  



same   


  



Anon is gay   


  



the betrayal   


  



chill   


  



please tell me this isn’t your actual laugh   

my classmates watching me show up to class once a week http//t.cn/EwmfuYC  

inception   


  



[son's st day of school]me Did you make any friends today?son Yes!me *kneels down next to him* how do you do that?  

I’d love to be a lesbian but I have a penis   


  



[gets pulled over]cop were you texting and driving?me *nervously* yescop then why didn't you reply to my text?  

savage   


  



me hello darkness, my old frienddarkness we were never that close  

capybaras   


  



teacher Thanks getting here at such short notice. It's about your son.me Clive? What's he done?teacher Well, he said to another boy in class that "My dad could beat up your dad" and-me What is going on?teacher We are going to find out. This is Mr Smith.  

when you’re wearing a new accessory and you’re waiting on someone to notice   


  



[prison]me I think I’m breaking out cell mate no way that’s insane me I know my skin is usually like never this bad  

on an island at the end of the road   


  



when you can’t choose an item on the menu   

this is what I do best http//t.cn/EwYVyIc  

[school reunion]her omg you haven't changed a bit!me Haha stop it! I am much sadder  

but what about apple juice   


  



look man I just wanted a pretzel   


  



finally found that window god opened   


  



welcome to online dating   


  



goals   


  



sometimes I just agree with people so that they can stop talking  

I like how the dog just looks like so defeated   


  



bat emoji review   


  



when your mom starts following you on social media   


  



chill   


  



“Attendance doesn’t affect your grade”   

this is really me with dogs   

a unicorn http//t.cn/EwNwGz  

your belly button is just your old mouth  

her face is like “bet you fuckers never heard that one before”   


  



you haven’t hit rock bottom until you sit down in a standing shower  

when the bus starts driving and you haven’t sit down   


  



when you arrive at work with a healthy alcohol puff and half high from last night   


  



me, getting ready to write an email starts with “per my last email”   


  



no shit   


  



skull emoji review   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



I am frightened   

Fallout -official live action trailer   

in space, no one can tell you’re fat   


  



same honestly   


  



broke pretty bad   


  



oh boi   


  



good one   


  



these turtles have a nicer apartment than I do   


  



can’t trust no one these days   


  



wolf face emoji review   


  



people that walk around with bottle of water always feel like they've made it in life  

chill   


  



that ‘shut up’ was on point   

“marry mother of satan’s left nipple”   

when you say “goodnight beautiful” and she says “night buddy”   


  



me i’m just so sick of being alive girl at the wendy’s drive thru wait did u say medium or large?  

what does LGBTQ stand for?   


  



completely acceptable   


  



he went as a fart for Halloween   


  



this world is full of lies   


  



it doesn’t matter how cold it gets, there will always be that one twat   


  



and then the whole bar started clapping   


  



“what in gay hell” needs to become part of my everyday vocabulary   


  



[first day as bartender]her piña colada pleaseme okher can you make it virgin?me *trying not to cry* yes i know how to make it  

chill   


  



when you know you’re going to cheat on your bf   

monkeys vs cats   

me, listening to the latest drama going on in my bestie’s life, giving unsolicited advice   


  



when the uber driver looks like a serial killer but you get in the car anyway cause you’ve got places to be   


  



women in  vs men in    


  



for only $ at Walmart, you can become a side hoe   


  



 years later and we’re back to the same language   


  



Matt Damon & Jimmy Kimmel twinning  Game    


  



me giving the rescue succ   


  



still a better love story than twilight   


  



hard to swallow pills   


  



when your man is lying to you but you’re already halfway into another relationship so you just let him carry on lying   


  



chill   


  



if you’ve ever felt like piglet   


  



wise words   


  



I feel this in my soul   


  



about  black bears up in one tree all at once   


  



fruits and vegetables, before and after human intervention   


  



those cats have more outdoor activities than me   


  



it’s Briay, u idiot   


  



when it’s been a long fucking day and you have no time for games   


  



cursed images   


  



tweaking like a star   


  



avengers female version   


  



ultimate human trash   


  



my life   


  



a creepy crow   


  



chill   


  



th century mental hospital   

it’s him   

when u break up and no longer have to pretend to like the chunky necklace he bought u   


  



moon emoji review   


  



i could sleep for  hours and wake up and need a nap  

when you go to your high school reunion and nobody has anything in common anymore   


  



Cop COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP[Confused German woman walks out holding her BF above her head]Hanz He said HANDS you infernal Fräulein  

just a quick survival guide   


  



when she’s thinking about forgiving you, but her friends are there to remind her you ain’t shit   


  



dude..   


  



why I cc’ed you on this email   


  



smart girl   


  



chill   


  



if Tarantino made zootopia   

this dove has been with the hen for too long   

when you accidentally paint with the flash on   


  



savage   


  



why does Adam Sandler he owns  strip clubs   


  



Jackie has a brilliant future in politics   


  



no, keep going   


  



when I try to stop being depressed   


  



her thighs are bigger than her waist. what a legend   


  



you messed with the wrong hole   


  



what is this supposed to cover?   


  



the instant regret on his face tho   


  



chill   


  



ok then, tomorrow I will jump off a building   

ABORT!   

worth it   


  



I like my whisky like I like my men   


  



the morning ritual that every australian does in the morning   


  



when u break up with bae and u post pictures trying to act like ur having a blast but deep down u know ur hurt   


  



that’s a hell of a lot of penises   


  



any restaurant is a drive through if you go fast enough  

I hate this menu   


  



cursed images   


  



where can I buy this choker? I need it   


  



“Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming?”   


  



chill   


  



shovel guitar   

turn on the volume to feel the internet   

[inventing the hot air balloon] I don't give a fuck where I go  

two types of girls on Halloween   


  



I was more distracted by the glitch in the matrix agent andersons   


  



a vegan in its natural habitat   


  



things only crazy cat people doask one cat where the other one is when you can’t find them  

she has a point   


  



I swear everybody who rides this train got a PHD in minding their own business   


  



if you woke up to this tomorrow ... what would you do?   


  



her you’re like a brother to meme   


  



what did you get?   


  



chill   


  



this killed me   

when you’re dying to get the nuts in your mouth   

confessing to my crush   

can you swim?   

trying to explain to my parents that I can’t pause an online game   


  



holy shit   


  



always make sure your flash is off   


  



Santa version of HE-MAN   


  



this is art   


  



is it gay or not?   


  



Beyoncé taking time out her day to listen to a local homeless rapper’s SoundCloud   


  



if she has either one of these pictures in her residence she does cocaine and will cheat on you   


  

 

chill   


  



Quentin Tarantino with a priceless reaction   

y’all motherfuckers need jesus   

the dumbest questions someone can ask   

life hack   


  

 

toilet paper math is the hardest kind of math   


  

 

“It costs nothing to be kind”Some days it costs me my fucking sanity, Janet.  

bitches who stand like this talk the most shit   


  



Amen   


  



nobody says huh quicker than a person that heard exactly what wtf you said  

my two personalities   


  



me showing up in hell, still richer and better than you   


  



Apple ... nobody uses the word “ducking” ... NOBODY  

chill   


  



wait for it   

this kid brought his mom’s ‘rocket ship’ to school   

goals   


  



two cashiers bagging my groceries at the same time is the closest I've ever come to a threesome.  

when you’re struggling to write enough in the exam and see someone asking for more paper   


  



this looks like the reception desk of my mind   


  



if video games have taught me anything, it's that you'll automatically get promoted if you kill your boss  

come on everybody knows carry bean   


  



next time you’re about to call a woman a hoe, just rememberwomen fuck who they wantmen fuck who they canyou’re welcome and thank you all for coming to my TED talk  

run backward to confuse them   


  



leave grandmas alone   


  



when you’re shopping and your husband asks ‘do you really need that?’...Do I really need you, Greg?  

chill   


  



hands-free telephone set ad in    

this song is called ‘maybe we should take a break’ by fallow   

if video games have taught me anything, rotating these will unlock the next room   


  



if you’re lonely and single, just remember someone in love is getting cheated on.  

me, doing something i'm perfectly capable of and have done before, but someone decides to watch   


  



be sure to run when you see the milkwalker   


  



he clearly died making sweet love to that horse   


  



me looking for the will to live   


  



when a bitch tell me her boyfriend “don’t let her”   


  



that’s the evilest thing I can imagine   


  



plot twist  there is a gay man. only one.   


  



my only advice is to marry someone who likes to leave parties at the same time that you do.  

chill   


  



mowing the lawn   

this song cures cancer   

you can wear your fancy attire all you want Marie. I’m wearing the scuba suit and that’s final.   


  



god I wish I had enough money to discover it doesn’t make me happy  

me to life can you just please calm tf down   


  



dragon emoji review   


  



“would you let another bitch fuck your man right in front of you for k?”me   


  



greeks be like              here’s your free horse                     🐴___/                       /(😈)\  

just be like me and my cat   


  



you don’t say   


  



men really be out here like                          🗑                        /🗑\                         /   \  

starbucks barista I’ve got a caffe mocha for... "russian spy"?everybody [remains seated and eyes each other suspiciously]barista [throwing his CIA badge at the floor in defeat] dammit I thought for sure that would work  

a calm winter’s night in Norilsk, Russia   


  



sheep is gay   

balls of steel   

drone crashes into lake, camera keeps rolling as fish investigate   

an espresso shot in slow motion   

me being escorted out of Starbucks after using the free WiFi all day   


  



“Okay Jim, what’s it say?”   


  



life hack   


  



straight dating We have been talking for a few months and I think we are officially going out.gays dating this is Adam I met him  hours ago at H&M and he is the one )lesbians dating we have been best friends for four years.  

the real reason why ‘toys r us’ went out of business   


  



propane is number one priority   


  



it’s wireless solar power. you know nothing   


  



ignore your problems like you ignore male actors in a porn movie.  

chill   


  



his calmness through all of this scares me   

 states by Russian man   

an absolutely furious mongoose   

when you love your family too much   


  



cursed images   


  



that’s cause for divorce   


  



doctor You're depressed.me How much longer do I have to live?doctor Oh, you're gonna live.me Yeah, but how much longer do I have to.   


  



god so you have really big claws.crab nice.godcrab that’s it?god crabgod your legs are delicious.  

you know how you can tap on a YouTube video and see how much time is left? I wish I could do that with my life.  

this is truly one of the worst pieces of home decor I've ever seen   


  



Scandinavian Airlines serving a light snack in    


  



doctor how often do you exercise?me  times doctor a week? a month?me I have given my answer  

chill   


  



how did this majestic creature get so far inland?   

I lost it when she slapped the eggplant   

“you work all the time, you must have loads of money.”me   

Russia in the ’s through the lens of French photographer Lise Sarfati   


  

 

internet has ruined me   


  



when you get to the last filter and you’re still ugly   


  



this is literally a visual pun   


  



me setting up a playlist for a  minute shower   


  



damn   


  



when she says she wants to take things slow   


  



cursed images   


  



octopus I’m just saying eight legs are too many legs, I look ridiculous.god oh. ok. hey snake?snake what’s up?god octopus, tell snake what you told me.octopus  

chill   


  



oh yeah brother!   


  



snek parking only   


  



just some logic thinking   


  



me when all my friends start to become single again, seriously starting to rethink my life decisions and if he’s worth it   


  



relatable   


  



“Take my hand, sweetie”“Not in a subway”“Or maybe you want to go back to Nigeria”   


  



when someone show up without letting me know they’re coming over   


  



[working in retail]me heycustomer i wish you could just fucking die me okay let me know if you have any questions  

it’s nice of a comic to explain its own joke   


  



just some Aussie humor   


  



water buffalo punts a baby elephant then gets punted by momma elephant   


  

 

no doctor will visit that car for a lot of days   


  



chill   


  



going out with friends after  be like   

“excuse me, you need to move.”   

when you suggest a menu item to a friend and you see them order it next time on their own   


  



when you pay for all  pumpkin spice lattes   


  



your brain is just meat in a bone bowl  

her I just want someone who actually likes me and listens to meguy thats been there for her for eight years as a "best friend"   


  



in real life- do people actually go into the bathroom and splash their faces with water to calm down? or does that only happen in movies...?  

this is why I walked around naked so often   


  



dude imagine being a bug and accidentally getting stuck in a car and driving far af away from everything you know  

just throw it like a boomerang   


  



who called you a bad boi? point them out. I will end them...   


  



if it wasn't for online porn I couldn't spell amateur  

chill   


  



people trying to invent planes   

I prefer this over the original   

but can moonmoons have moons?   


  



when you sneeze and fart at the same time your body takes a screenshot.  

this  us military guide on courtesy to ladies   


  



drugs are bad kids   


  



when you're full on laughing with someone and you both keep adding things which makes it funnier and you can barely breathe   


  



pretty sure she kicked that rabbit down the hole   


  



super funny  joke   


  



men ain’t shit   


  



actual bike parking in London   


  



oh boi do I have news for you   


  



chill   


  



what the teacher looks like when they’re patiently waiting for the class to get quiet   

this is amazingly calming   

took me a second..   

toddler was asked to feed the cat   


  



just remember, Ace Ventura once closed the door on Hector Salamanca's face.   

kid mom I need  toilet paper rolls mom why?Kid   


  



when your mom asks why you have no gf   


  



whenever I hear random noises at night, I always look over at the dog to see his reaction. if he ignores them, then I know it's safe, don't ask me why it’s just the way of things.  

let me restart my phone & read this again   


  



that’s not what adolf had in mind   


  



big mood   


  



something I would do   


  

 

chill   


  



the fuck   

if i get married i’m going to refer to my husband as “my first husband” to remind him that he is easy to replace  

worth the wait   

this is how texting your crush while updating your best friend about every detail feels like   


  



how I sleep knowing that I’m unimportant and nobody’s priority   


  



savage   


  



but does the horse know where his daughter is?   


  



when you waste time upgrading dumb shit in video games   


  



he looks so mad like I can’t believe this shit talking trash to me   

if you are singing along to a song on the radio there is a good chance you are singing along with thousands of people.  

the incredible collection of food fails   


  



never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups - George Carlin   


  



chill   


  



that’s enough internet for today   

well boys and girls, we’re all fucking dead   

Isaac Newton experiments with gravity, circa    

when the teacher walks up to you during an exam and looks at your paper then shouts out "guys please make sure you read the questions carefully"   


  



when you at your girl family BBQ helping and her grandma yell out, "Thank you handsome!"   


  



a very cool social app called Soda, I’m going to comment “I want to live your life” under every post on it.download it and find me via ID .   


  

 

when he’s tall, smart, funny, and brings you all the salmon when you're in a bad mood   


  



I’ll take    


  



she dead   


  



sad but true   


  



when you try to kill a bug but then it starts flying   


  



how to spot a British spy   


  



me You said dress for the job you wantboss give me my clothes back  

chill   


  



this made me depressed   

I lied I’m dying inside   

squad goals   


  



birds aren’t real   


  



get in loser, we’re going hibernating   


  



when growing up all yourfriends decide to quit gaming but you don't want to   


  



when you’re tired of every jehovah witness knocking on your door   


  



“we need to talk later”first of all, i have anxiety. tell me now.  

friend I want   


  



squirrel got better cleavage than me   


  



ladies, she walk up and grab your man and say he's her man now. what do you do?   


  



sex is just some naked bullshit  

chill   


  



I don’t get it. isn’t steel heavia than feathas?   

when you dumb drunk and finally get to lay down in your bed   

he’s becoming man tonight   


  



airlines hate this guy   


  



the type of loyalty I’m talking about   


  



how to remove the towbar from a Mazda . in graphic detail.   


  



cocacola can count   


  



science saves lives   


  



“I got it in my mouth!”   


  



you walk in and find your gf sleeping like this, what do you do?   


  



🤜( 🎤 )👄 “hello”   


  



chill   


  



   


  



alpha gorilla blocks the road while his family crosses   

husband how were the kids today?me   


  



when you leave Barcelona to get out of Messi's shadow but now you're in Mbappe's...   


  

 

it’s sexy Halloween costume time   


  



internet has ruined me   


  



true   


  



it's an endless cycle   


  



when he scratches your labia for  minutes then asks "You like that?"   


  



stop it physics   


  



chill   


  



well that’s enough internet for today   

me on exams a piece of paper can’t decide my future.also me  years later   


  



something went terribly wrong   


  



me  minutes after coming into work   

moth [first time seeing firefly] no fucking way  

me watching people I wanna be friends with talk about things that I'm interested in   


  



don’t marry a soy boy   


  



Jesus Christ it’s Jason Bourne   


  



me *phone rings* Hello?person Hey is Randy thereme Sorry wrong numberperson Oh sorryme It's okay, let's talkpersonmepersonme Can birds French kissperson I'm gonna go  

Tom Hardy always looks like he's charging his phone across the room and he just saw someone almost touch it   


  



interviewer Why should we hire you?me The real question is why should I allow you to hire me.interviewer *Whispers* Can he do that?me   


  



I’m just gonna start commenting, “that’s not what you look like” on some of my friend’s selfies.  

chill   


  



goose is so happy to see his friend   

german shepherd trained to protect this little girl on command   

the feeling when your mother is refusing to tell you who is your birth father   


  



the secret to a successful long-term relationship is the ability to laugh at the same joke ,, times.  

I found my new job   


  



essential foreign swear words   


  



anti-smoking sign from the late ’s, early ’s   


  



neighbor we named our son dallon like a mix of dave & allenme*points to son in karate stance* we named him freddy cause hes fuckin ready  

actually wait, you’re slightly below average   


  



when you accidentally click “restart” instead of “turn off“ on your PC and you just sit there like   


  



when you got males in ya dms but not the one you want   


  



when you move seat to give room on the bus but nobody sits down next to you   


  



chill   


  



uber driver ......me, as an introvert ......uber driver ......me, as an introvert  stars  

me pausing my music but leaving my earphones in to eavesdrop on peoples conversations   


  



squirrels always look and act like it’s their first day being a squirrel  

no   


  



when you hear someone telling a different story than what actually happened   


  



when there is nothing to do and your manager walks by   


  



when she wanna have a gang bang but everyone is scared to go first   


  



can’t blame a realist   


  



the pose.the power.the presence.   


  

 

chill   


  



a very happy duck   

Jack Black performs his legendary Sax-A-Boom http//t.cn/Ehptohu  

appropriate use of googly eye   


  



when you’re trying to be smooth on your first date   


  



she’s my spirit animal   


  



pizza emoji review   


  



me Hey wha—someone who studied abroad Haha yeah I lived abroad for like a year and a half. It's just so different there than it is here. The tube...oh sorry I mean the subway, lol I still use the slang Idk abroad changed me haha sad you've only lived here  

what are you   


  



principal your son is being bulliedme he needs a swordprincipal what no that would-me *pulls out a sword*principal woah hold on i don't want any problemsme *to son* see what i mean  

that’s a lot of nuts   


  



squish   


  



chill   


  



aspire to be this level of unbothered   

   


  



how is this possible http//t.cn/EhMpD  

chaotic neutral for life   


  



I hate when I let someone use my charger and I ask for it back and they ask me “what percent you at?” Bitch give me my damn charger wtf.  

me making sure the barista sees me put money in the tip jar   


  



oh no   


  



on my way!   


  



my therapist I feel like you’re  making a lot of progress! me, thinking about all the secrets I keep from her because I don’t want her to judge me yes.  

my phone hates holidays  

chill   


  



safety first   


  



girls don’t actually shop we just walk round touching the clothes saying ‘this is cute’  

me watching my own life fall apart wondering what’s going to happen next   

husband material   

fucking killed himself   

people don’t think it be like that but it do   


  



I can not bear the sight of this   


  



*getting away from the city*   


  



give the lad some privacy   


  



giant piano keyboard   


  



when i tell someone where i live and they say "omg that’s so far" like i’m not inviting u over Imaoooo so don't worry about ur imaginary journey.  

chill   


  



when you feed your car an hour late   


  



when an old friend from high school randomly reaches out and asks me if I want to "be my own boss" and make up to $, a month   


  



when you're walking with your homie and your hands touch   


  



swimming pool untouched by dirty flood water   


  



distracted boyfriend   


  



me and my bestie judging everyone else’s life while our own lives are in the crapper   


  



that’s kinda sad   


  



Phil, . Planned family vacation to Niagara Falls. Wife expected more, kids bored & he's considering jumping in.   


  



me snatching my time away from negativity, men & fake friends   

life hack   


  



chill   


  



when you‘re in an online argument and the guy says "I am not wasting any more time on you."   


  



the college board talking to me   

when you get so MF horny, you start to feel a heartbeat in ya pussy   


  



me approaching my family when the food I put up for later is missing   

I’ve never gotten off the elevator at a hotel and walked in the right direction.  

dinosaur I'll take my chancesasteroid insurance salesman I think you’re making a big mistake  

me coming out of my room after going all day without socializing with anyone   


  



aw double nuts   

my last  brain cells battling over who can be the last one standing   

me when my best friend arrives in hell with me   

psychotic gecko murders helpless worm   


  



chill   


  



wing flapping synced with camera frame rate   


  



white dude wow. Becky is twerkin the darn thingblack dude girl loo-loo-loo-looklmao   


  



mine. no take. okay?   


  



why women go to the toilet together   

in soviet russia cars have fun while people are parked   

very useful tips   


  



taking zero chances in    


  



college is hard   


  



this is true   


  



chill   


  



really catchy   

TV shows version   

trump hears that you don’t like what trump is doing   

it begins   


  



this heavy-duty russian LED is signaling about a slight overload   


  



the companies today   


  



best insults to use in fight.doodoohead.nerd.dingus.you stink.where are you from, loser? are you from losertown because you’re a loser(please only use this if you want to mentally destroy your opponent).diaper man  

him “Will I be able to play guitar when this is healed?”Dr “Yes. of course!”him “lmao sick! I couldn't play before I broke my arm.”   


  



what people at work see you as VS. the type of hoe fuckery that you really do   


  

 

sounds legit   


  



I don’t know what this cow is going through but I can relate   


  



hello clarice   


  



chill   


  



every woman in this pic tho   


  



hot woman *points at my empty glass* hey, want another?me Why would I want another empty glass?[later]me *stops brushing teeth* hang on  

"Please don’t let me go"   

when you accidentally click on some gay porn and your dick gets a little harder   


  



the morning after spicy food   

when your bestie is just as petty as you are and that’s why y'all get along so well   


  



wtf   


  



my friend’s choice in music   


  



me do you ever talk to yourself?me sometimes  

her *shrugs*me *shrugs*priest I now pronounce you man and wife!  

chill   


  



no party like nun party   

when you were once considered the smart kid everyone believed in but now you‘re too depressed to do work so everyone is disappointed in you   


  



"Tell Cersei. I want her to know it was me."   


  



single at  “I have to go out and meet someone!”single at  “if it’s meant to be, the right person will find me in my home.”  

I wasted my childhood waiting for these moments   


  

 

when a new person joins the conversation and says hi to everyone but you   


  



probably the best dog costume this year   


  



to a town by the sea   


  



this is lit   


  



bröther may i have söme puff lööp   


  



[meets someone just like me] Dear god this person is the worst  

chill   


  



world’s best daughter   

don't tell me how to lift my baby   


  



just some facts   


  



goddamnit   


  



why do people get so drunk when they go out with you   


  



he is the lord of the gays. he commands them, it does not mean he is one of them.   


  



shoulder shrug emoji review   


  



when someone tells me my clothes are too revealing   


  



I’m crying   


  



when you see the girl you’ve been buying drinks for all night leave the club with another bloke   


  



when you don‘t go to class but your group puts your name in the project   


  



when you become an Uber driver and you drop off a dude at your girlfriend's house   


  



chill   


  



animals just sit in the woods and scream “I WANT TO FUCK!!!!” and thats just their culture  

john lennon just minutes before his assassination ( colorized)   


  



adjusting ur boobs in public is a power move  

when your more social capable friend invites you to a party and you know no one   

my new spirit animal   


  



newborn sumatran rhinos look like old stuffed animals   


  



no matter how poor you think you are, if you have a warm butthole you have a way to make money.  

me at  vs. me at    


  

 

tell me a sentence you could both say during sex and at a family dinner   


  



Songs that get white people wildMr. Brightside Don’t Stop Believing Come on EileenSweet CarolineTake Me Home, Country RoadsMoney for NothingDixieland DelightGives You HellI’m Gonna Be ( Miles)Piano Man  

 year old white ladies in Mexican restaurants after saying gracias to the waiter   


  



D looking burn-out marks   


  



I’m not trying to be smart but this dude’s hair looks highly suspicious   


  



chill   


  



daredevil raccoon scales New Jersey building  stories high before leaping off   

me hi babymy cat   

protecting her eggs   

my last two brain cells trying to communicate to each other   

the pathetic society we live in   


  



when a gamer decides to go out   


  



cat called Keys that just raises its arms for no reason   


  

 

is there a support group for people who wake up on time but lay in the bed until it makes them late?  

me after eating  free samples pretending im gonna buy something   


  



the original photo that the NBA logo is based on   


  



when you see the waiter come out with your food   


  



i’m more careful wiih video game currency than i am with actual money.  

chill   


  



lioness steals a photographer’s camera, gives it to her cubs as a new toy   


  



Instagram explore page after you like one picture of a fitness model   


  



my love is like a candle, if you forget me i will burn your house down.  

when you blacked out on shots last night & are afraid to see what you brought home   


  



when you stayed home, coz you wanted to save money, but now you’re saving money and miserable.   


  



[gets pulled over]cop do you know how fast you were growing?me officer, I wa-wait did you say growing?cop *removes mask to reveal grandma* you've gotten so big  

mermaid emoji review   


  



when you flushed x but the shit won’t go away   


  



‘i’ll see you in court’ is the grown up version of ‘i’m telling mom’  

strong fingers   


  



friend did you know that only female mosquitos bite?*later walking home*me, getting eaten alive evening ladies  

me as a pirate [bad at finding treasure] oh nopirate captain it’s ok, the real treasure is the friends we make along the wayme [bad at making friends] oh no  

chill   


  



I don’t know how I feel about this video   

have you ever woken up from a sex dream and still felt horny? cool, that's pretty much how your girlfriend feels after real sex.  

me, in no shape or place to be judging people, judging people   


  



finding a split-colored lobster is a  in  million chance. retweet for good luck   


  



never feel bad about eating unhealthy things like cheesecake. use the science of relativity. cheesecake is healthier than crystal meth. takeanother slice and be thankful.  

this is why you don’t buy your kids cheap crayons   


  



when everyone is screaming for dinner and it’s been a long fucking week   


  



this is how we used to kill our anxiety and stress   


  



isn’t that what society does to people who don’t fit the mold   


  



[Rome Construction - Day ]builder {reading plans} Holy craproman What?builder You see this fuckin schedule?  

this dude has a rope around his neck   


  



you’re not a real marvel fan unless you hate marvel  

chill   


  



let your mom eat for one minute   

when the doctor asks you how many drinks you have per week   


  



when your friend finally stands up to his controlling girlfriend   


  



what I want vs. what I can afford   


  

 

when your ex is slowly creeping back into your life, so you just let it happen   


  



face with tears of joy emoji review   


  



sometimes you just gotta choke a bitch   


  



what the fuck   


  



always   


  



when she say she want an + inch penis me   


  



the most silent creature on Earth, is the guy who was already sitting on the toilet when you enter a public restroom.   


  



[painting with my son]son daddy did I do it right?me son, this is art. There is no right or wrong, there’s just.. whoa what the fuck ok yeah that’s wrong  

chill   


  



[whispering to my wife with tears in my eyes as we watch our daughter’s piano recital] She’s terrible  

if a dude lasts  seconds in bed and is conﬁdent enough to ask for a threesome, you should be conﬁdent enough to do anything  

I can finally see the clothes are going to look like on me   


  



we don’t deserve dogs   


  



when ur face swapping with someone on snapchat and they say "ew I look so ugly”   


  



me cleaning up my mess after I tried giving all my love and affection to the wrong person   


  



please give Cillian Murphy an Emmy before he gets lung cancer   


  

 

when you fall in love with a coworker but it could never work because you both take your career seriously   


  



*at hooters*me so where are the fucking owls   


  



the most dangerous people you know are the ones who’ve convinced themselves that salads are fun and delicious  

#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments   

chill   


  



internet has ruined me   


  



me right before making a decision that’s going to ruin my life again   


  



when you are trying to sleep but the masturbation spirit starts to bother you   


  



It's  ladies.Treat your man right, or another man will.  

Keanu on his sex scene with the director’s wife   


  



Nintendo is a responsible corporation   


  



pretty accurate   


  



Producer we have a movie ide-Tom Cruise does it have a scene of me jumping out of a cargo plane?Producer uhh I guess we can do tha-Tom Cruise I’m in   


  

 

this is some fine detective work   


  



when the club is about to close   


  



[first day as a drug dealer]me you wanna buy drugs?guy no thanksme [under breath] nerd  

when you’re having a shitty morning, but gotta put on your fake smile   


  



chill   


  



We are living in  while he is in    

das good shit 🔥 🔥   

wholesome   

rare picture of the ﬁrst ever Rick & Morty Fanclub meeting , colorized   


  



*first date*guy I like a girl who's good with moneyme the city will bury you for FREE if they can't identify your body  

even better attitude   


  



sounds like something I would do   


  



[slowly digs both of my feet into the wet sand][whispers] planet shoes  

or he likes you a lot   


  



me *slides $ to barista* you know what to dobarista [when my drink is ready] Brad Pitt!me oh no i’m not him lol. people confuse us all the time though.  

me, during work meetings   


  



[first day as a vet]me ma’am I‘m afraid your horse has some of the worst cancer I’ve ever seenher um this is a camelme a what now??  

chill   


  



relatable   

when you’re both fucked up trying to sneak back into the house   

guy buys quail eggs from a supermarket and manages to get one to hatch   

gotta make sure he stays down   

the discovery of cinnamon   


  



when she says she want an animal in bed   


  



when you're watching your dogs nap and you realize how much you love them and how lucky you are to have them   


  

 

“Sweet dreams you piece of shit.”I try to snap the prison guard’s neck but just make him look to the left very quickly.  

the forbidden ice cream   


  



me I don't want to die, but I'm not % certain that I wanna be alive, either. I just wish there was a third option.🐻  What if I told you that you could nap straight through part of the year?  

girls at the gym be like“I hate when guys stare at me”   


  



Justin Bieber starting to look like your average redneck child molester   


  



goodbye my friend   

self defense classes.. http//t.cn/EvlHQ  

exactly   

“C’mon, Pa, get in the photo!”   


  



nailed it   


  



if you’re having a bad day, remember that in th century Baltic Germans dressed like this   


  



they slick as hell   


  



when you try to swallow a pill, but it doesn't go down and now it's dissolving in your mouth   


  



stranger Hey, is that guy bothering you?me Yeah, but he's my husband so I signed up for this.  

salute to John from Tennessee   

this front desk designed as a cooking pot   


  



john lennon 🎵imagine all the people🎵introvert oh god  

the forbidden tuna   


  



a true patriot   

when you walk into your bedroom and your wife is in bed with your best friend   


  



a llama in a lobster costume..that is all   


  



Lebron just let the world know he eats ass   

me listening to my sad music and overthinking   


  



coming home from school on Friday   


  



*one leaf falls*White ppl well stick a pumpkin up my ass and call me Spooky, it’s almost Halloween  

when a little kid in the grocery store sees me eat a grape   


  



laughing at your own text before sending it   


  



sunset made it look like there was a Grand Theft Auto filter   


  



me every time in the wrong group   

when you were trying to show your mom a pic on your phone, but she started swiping & ran into your collection of dick pics   


  



how white people see themselves when they post an anti white people post   


  



dating after    


  



when you’re so drunk you know you’ll throw up if you try to move   


  



no thanks, I’ll just have water   


  



doggo emoji reviews   


  



get you a girl who can carry  liters of water like it’s nothing   


  



relatable   


  



when family car decals get too real   


  



looks like a tasty dinner to me   


  



guaranteed tear jerker   


  



new iPhone in a nutshell   

I’ve always wondered what that would look like   

that ending “oh” though   

me behind my mom when there’s a spider in my room   


  

 

I want to shop at a store called FOREVER  where everything is stretchy and soft.also there is soothing music playing at a reasonable volume and free coffee or vodka depending on the time of the day.  

me I hate my birthday me at my birthday dinner   


  



deny all   


  



US army advert on how to praise you child   


  



being a white girl in Facebook comments section starter pack   


  



when you straighten your hair and then the humidity hits   


  



this is messed up   


  



when y’all both literally trash   


  



frog emoji reviews   


  



me [just watched breaking bad] what up bitchmy probation officer excuse me?  

this guy is awesome   

when someone starts giving you an attitude and they don’t know that you’re crazy   


  



she’s listening to Rihanna’s Work and didn’t realize a bear was chasing her   

how to quit    

new spiderman game looks lit   

when your ex tries to get back in your life   

fuck yeah   


  



do you ever see ur face from a different angle and have a mental breakdown   


  



“so my grandma has this little man that has been sitting on her fireplace forever and I dropped it and his little shield fell off and I think I am having a heart attack.”   


  

 

“last night at the bar, this woman got mad at me because I asked her how Beyonce and the kids were doing.”   


  



when the weird kid won’t stop talking to you and you’re trying to be nice   


  



bee emoji reviews   


  



when she asks you which one of her friends you think is hot   


  



chill   


  



my last four brain cells on the way to do a math test I didn’t study for   


  



do you feel it now? http//t.cn/RsdeAr  

mermaid problem   


  



safety standards back in s   


  



when you're in an argument with someone and you google the topic and it turns out you were right the whole time   


  



sign language is brutal af   


  



Hank knows what matters   

I couldn't explain myself better than this   


  



him I never ate ass beforeher   


  



bear emoji reviews   


  



no homo   


  



when ya white friend say nigga and he think u cool with it but u Iowkey mad af   


  



chill   


  



me*delete pics*IPhone you sure?meYesIP Ok I'll just put them over here medelete themIP Ok *whispers* keeping them on the cloud tho  

me at my sugar daddy’s funeral after collecting his life insurance   

I could watch this all day long   

can someone explain to me why this exists   

this pig loves head scratches so much it falls over   

shut up Meg   

when your dumbest friend offers their opinion   


  



but why   


  



when crackheads find out how much lumber sells for   


  



satan welcome to hell, I want all of us to be friends hereme huh, this doesn’t seem so badsatan so everyone go around in the circle and say a little bit about yourself  

bobby is my artist   


  



if you sucked my titties you can never talk shit about me I'm your mom now respect me  

how I start every semester   

when she riding raw and you bout to buss   

always remembered   

when you’re copied in a conflicting email exchange but you’re not concerned   


  



“The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth.”-African proverb  

the  stages of growing up   


  



you know when you’re rocking the no-makeup look and you assume you're lookin all beachy natural n cute but then u look in the mirror and u look like a Victorian child sick with influenza who won’t make it through the winter  

chill   


  



when your friends are waiting for an answer on “Never Have I Ever”, coz you’re a hoe & there’s not much you haven’t done.   


  



gender equality at its finest   


  



[me as a horse seller]customer I want your most powerful horseme I mean I dunno what to tell you dude they’re all exactly one hp  

hello, Clarice.   


  



[making out after date]her Should we go back to your place?me *kisses her* ...I’m not ready for you to meet my parents yet  

chill   

I like how he kicked open the door   

Pornhub employees probably rush to open the porn tab when their boss walks by  

he’s getting ready for work   

this show was always on drugs   

“I did NOT have sexual relations with that woman.”   


  



the dance that he does kills me   

do you ever say something so mean and you’re like damn I need to chill   


  



life hack   


  



it was an accident   


  



“Weed is like coffee in reverse”- Elon Musk   


  



when a good friend dies, certain memories of you that only your friend had die as well. in this way, part of you dies with your friend.  

chill   

me as a grandma   

these kids are savage af http//t.cn/RsMKWMa  

“I can’t share that meme, too many people will get upset.”   


  



when the person next to you on an airplane doesn’t realize you’re not their therapist   


  

 

when he ignores me for  minutes so I ignore him for the rest of his life   


  



life hack   


  



hi can you direct me to the nearest hospital   


  



May's visit to Teeside looks like the promo shots for a gritty new detective drama set in the North East   


  



when an android user drops their phone & the battery pops out   


  



when someone holding the door open for you but you a little ways away   


  



how dudes feed you lies   


  



it’s kill or be killed   


  



chill   


  



what a time to be alive   


  



me in high school by  I’m going to be a millionaire and a doctorme in    


  



when you’re an npc and you see the player quicksave and draw his sword   


  



white people love to say "we came at the right time" when the line gets really long behind them in a restaurant  

when someone says money can't buy happiness and you show them the happiness you just bought   


  



when you're finally getting along good with your life & some asshole feels they need to tell you who your ex has moved on with   


  



when your gf wants to use the bathroom after you   


  



“can you don’t?”   


  



you ever laying in bed and start doing this shit for fun   


  



that’s good marketing   


  



relationship status   


  



only in Florida folks   


  



chill   


  



horses, peacefully farting and snoring   

that boi ain’t right   

when the cashier checks to see if the $ bill is fake   


  



when a woman is in her red hair phase, leave her alone..she's going through some shit  

when you text someone in the same room as you and you're waiting for them to see it   


  



me coming back from the bar before happy hour ends   


  



it works so well   

Louis XVI is sentenced to death by guillotine during the French Revolution. ()   


  



tea is just leaf piss   


  



thicc   


  



married people problem   

in  if you wore a long sleeve tshirt under a regular tshirt it meant that you liked music  

chill   


  



the whitest shit I’ve ever seen   

that was gay porn   

I will never get that scream out of my head   

in his defense, it was really early   


  



something I would do   


  



"Country roads, take me home, to the place I belong”me *deep inhale* WEST VIRGINIAAAA   


  



when you’re lowkey sensitive af but ppl only see you as a savage   


  



yes, hackers   


  



when your boss asks you to tell the new employee a little about yourself   


  



best drummer   


  



I need food to live Karen!!   


  



when somebody’s roasting you but you already dead inside   


  



if you're having a bad day just remember thatsomeone from your hometown is still trying to become a rapper  

this is peppa now, feel old yet?   


  



when your dad tells a bad joke at the dinner table but you're too mature for his infantile buffoonery   


  



you guys all see it? or just me being single for too long   


  



Soviet disco back in mid ’s   

me, everytime someone mentions how eminem destroys everyone on his new album and i have never heard of any of them   


  



when the designated driver is the first to get wasted   

better than the movie   

doctor look i know we used to date but let’s keep this professionalher ok, did i break anythingdoctor *throws down x rays* my heart Stacy  

suddenly gay   

when you can't find anything to wear so you have a  minute breakdown instead of getting ready   


  



[Home Depot staff meeting]boss Someone has been breaking all the wood. Any idea who it is?me [tightening my green karate belt]Probably someone pretty strong.  

that face you get when you wanna kick someone in the dick   


  



life hack   


  

 

me conducting a fake interview with myself at am pretending like i’m living my best life   


  



me browsing through pornhub’s categories   

magic   

poor guy   

a lot can happen in the middle of nowhere   


  

 

for every one hour i spend with people it takes me four to recover  

please do it to me when I die   


  



python   


  



Mike, . man bun, prettier than you, talks about music and craft beer, looking for a girl on Hinge that he vibes with.   


  



the Queen Honey Bee has sex with an average of - males in a single afternoon. just like my best friend   


  



the best salesperson ever was the ﬁrst woman to shave off her eyebrows and draw them back on, then convince a second woman to do it  

me can you make sure this diamond ring is in the bottom of her drink? I want it to be a really special momentMcDonald's employee ok  

friend you’re not really leaving us for dick, are you?me   


  



do you ever sit in your friend’s room and just wonder how many times they’ve masturbated where you’re sitting  

if I say goodnight and an hour later you see me online it's not that I lied it's just that I failed  

bröther may i have a pöp   


  



when the joke been over for an hour and you try to be serious but end up thinking about it again   


  



when it’s more than just a fart   

when you hear what kids these days are listening to and decide to show them what real music is   

Bill is back at it again   


  



my brain watching me do the complete opposite of what would be best for me   


  



monster   


  



it’s honestly so wild that i even exist  

he is Slav squatting   


  

 

the smallest dog in the world is a chihuahuathe biggest dog in the world is a man, am i right ladies? (please have sex with me, i am a big feminist)  

this seems like sound logic to me   


  



[party]me i think my gf is mad at mefriend yeah dude i saw her making out with some guy in the kitchenme did she look mad?  

baby elephant milk feeding   

this shit goes deep   

but if god says “my nigga” you know you getting in   


  



don’t get in between a man and his meat   


  



[driving]me omg i need to go to the bathroom really badlywife ok we're almost homeme [panicking] no, pull over to that mcdonalds![i run in]me gimme two big macs fast, i gotta get home to pee  

I finally found my spirit animal   


  



you idiot, does not respect women send nudes me intelligent, respects women if you send me pics of your breasts i would say thank you  

wholesome   


  



me thanks for the feedback. Really valuable!!!coworker no problem![coworker gets text at am] who teh fucgk do u thgink u r  

ancient Slavic mansion with ancestral crest   


  



date you look upsetme [thinking about how she just covered her fries in ketchup instead of putting it on the side] it's nothing  

we’ve been using it wrong all the time   


  



therapist you have PTSDme hell yeah I have PTSD Proficient Talent for Sucking DICK lmaotherapist maybe we can talk about your use of humor as an unhealthy coping mechanism for the trauma you've experiencedme Sheryl, I don’t think you understand how clever that joke was  

such a chill dog   

did somebody say fish?   


  



Montana moment   


  



I’m listening..   


  



when your friend has to go offline   


  



best   


  



when you don’t have flood insurance but you do have fire insurance   


  



I bet the ladies love him   


  



wanna come over and compare suffering?  

guess I’ll hard   


  



girls will drink until their organs are on the verge of shutting down, not eat any breakfast the next morning, head to work after only getting  hours of sleep, then beat themselves up cuz they forgot to take their makeup off before going to bed & that “isn't healthy for your skin”                                 

and they can’t fap with no arms   


  



UK - We call it Autumn, from the French word "autompne" and later, the Latin "autumnus"USA - We call it Fall because leaf fall down  

chill   


  



didn’t see that coming   

Season  ending   


  



that’s smart   


  



different types of coffee explained   


  



brooooo   


  



cashier Have a great day[goes to cashier's home in the evening]me I have bad news  

are you ready kids   


  



apart from cocaine has anyone worked out what that little pocket’s for on your jeans   


  



it’s on the internet so it must be true   


  



toddler Have you seen my car?wife What color is it?toddler What color is what?wife Your cartoddler What car?me *opens a bottle of wine* *hands it to her*  

monsters have feelings too   


  



the other day I realized beds are just shelves for humans when they aren’t being used, now I have no idea how to move on with my life  

sunrise in Dolomites, Italy   


  



“They’re going to castrate you, you fool!”   

how to get men to find you attractive   

when the hotel you're staying at has free continental breakfast until  but you sleep till    


  



last night omg save that pic it’s so good this morning   


  



when you thought your friend was over that guy who uses her and she hits you with the "so guess who I saw last night"   


  



anytime you feel life isn't nice, remember this Brazilian prisoner who dug an escape tunnel for  years only to burst out in a Guard Room.   


  



when you’re FaceTiming your gf and you hear someone say “ew, that’s him?”   


  



angry water   


  



when you third wheel so much you basically become part of the relationship   


  



 seconds in IKEA and you start planning your future  

if your bf isn’t treating you right, let that   


  



boss says here you’re proficient at fighting ghosts?me yeahboss but this place isn’t hauntedme you’re welcomeboss [mouthing] holy shit   


  



American thief discovers manual   

when your free trial runs out   


  



i may be ugly but i used to be uglier  

what’s the difference between the juice and sauce?   

if you feel lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror movie. after a while it won’t feel like you’re alone anymore.  

what a genius   


  



“my spirit animal is a lizard”“say no more fam”   


  



defense mechanisms   


  



being a kid is basically like being stoned as shit all the time   


  



fool me once, shame on you.fool me twice, shame on me.fool me , times, you are a weather man.  

chill   


  



the perfect tattoo doesn’t exis...   


  



me *cancels plans every week*also me when my friend cancels plans   

how I leave Sephora after shopping for a highlighter   


  



that smile tho   


  



girl on instagram after a breakup   


  



Son Why are you & mom getting divorced?Dad Son, your mom has been reporting memes on FacebookSon I hope you get full custody  

Doctor It’s ok to get an erection during a prostate examPatient I don’t have an erectionDoctor I do   


  



chill   


  



love you too, dad   


  



how I handle romance   


  



when my parents complain about me   


  



abandoned tanks swallowed by nature   


  

 

it’s not gay unless you push back   


  



that turned around pretty quickly   

me coming to my best friends house because she’s not texting back   


  



when I’m making up scenarios in my head and I take it too far and hurt my own feelings   


  



boys on Grindr vs. boys on Taimi   


  



how your girl looks at you after she washes off all of that damn makeup   


  



so am I   


  



why does ) look so passive aggressive, like it’s literally smiley face it used to represent happiness and now it represents bitterness and resentment  

who even still masturbates for pleasure anymore??? we out here maturbating just to sleep   


  



my mind is like an internet browser.  tabs are open,  of them are frozen and I don't know where the music is coming from.  

never forget when Akon performed in Africa and didn’t wanna get Ebola   


  



does anyone else pack underwear like they're going to shit themselves every singie day of a trip?  

signs you’re not getting enough sleep   

this looks like milk you buy from a video game merchant   


  



chill   


  



don’t eat the buzzy things   


  



gtfo. that’s my meal   

relatable   


  



start every phone call with "my phone is about to die”, that way you can hang up on them when you're bored  

that one friend who likes every one of your selfies   


  



you can’t fist them all   


  



I hate it when I go to the beach and those damned GreenPeace people try to roll me back into the water   


  



I’m moving to Jamaica   


  



I’m not surprised pugs stay awake niggas got several problems   


  



banana is the quietest snack  

chill   


  



this has killed my little faith in humanity   

no this is not a phase mom im a slut  

cool dog   

two large bois   

How Californians speakYes no, yeahNo yeah, noDefinitely yeah no forsure  

I’m loving it.   


  



at least he’s happy   


  



[movie theatre]guy [yelling at woman] get that annoying fucking baby out of here i’m trying to watch the movieme [getting up and trying not to cry] ok sorry i’ll go home  

can I live?!   


  



that blood you donated could be in someone’s boner right now  

me I need to expand my cuisinealso me   


  



how do I become one of those people who forgets to eat?  

chill   


  



friendly reminder that life is not real  

“my grandfather told me that he saw the Titanic, he warned everyone that it would sink but nobody would listen. he told people a few more times and then he was kicked out of the Cinema.”   


  



virginity rocks   

I would watch an entire series of this show   

sure I’ll take one please   


  



when he’s annoying as hell, but has a net worth of . billion, so you’re gonna make it work   


  

 

me acting interested in someone’s story   


  



there is very tense sexual energy here   


  



when you realize that “ginger” is just the n-word, rearranged   


  



when you get back with your ex and your friend who helped you through all the trauma finds out   


  



[Plato returns from the dead]Plato so who's that girl, are you together?me nah, it's purely platonic.Plato ...what does platonic mean?me it means we don't have sex.Plato what the fuck  

chill   


  



hello ladies...   

primary elements of sarcasm.find link in comments.   


  

 

calf uses its mom for a brush   

I feel sexually harassed   

I feel sexually harassed   

closed eye visuals   


  



me when my classmates are talking about their answers after the exam   


  



relationship goals   


  



when friends ask me why I always look depressed   


  



did you know you can use your seat belt to open beers while driving   


  



I’m no doctor but it seems like it’s a little too late to save Joseph   


  



yeah you’re attractive, but are you good for my mental health?  

the best trio. then and now   


  

 

being canadian is saying “thank you” when someone opens up a door for you and then saying “thanks” when they open the second door for you but a little quieter  

chill   


  



the hoverglide floating backpack   

day  without sex   

if you drop a dollar around this nigga you’re fucked...   


  



someone is that a Halloween decoration?my mom no, that’s just my daughter.  

Poorly Drawn Lines   


  

 

you vs. the guy she told you not to worry about   


  

 

karate teacher "break this wood"me "why?"karate teacher "i dunno, pretend it’s mugging you"me [gives wood my wallet]  

kraziekandy is a racist   


  



Subway guy - "toasted with cheese?"me - "no thanks. I'm a fucking psychopath"  

can’t we just cuddle   


  



every morning at work i double click chrome, explorer, Firefox, and safari and have them race to load up and the winner gets to be my browser for the day  

chill   


  



me arriving at your wedding reception, two hours late and dressed in white   

I just came   

well that escalated quickly   

when the guy in your squad who never parties comes out and gets turned af   


  



life as a crocodile person   


  

 

remember when your favorite Barbie’s leg came off, so you used the leg off a different doll?   


  



guess Thanos really messed him up   


  



girlfriend How am I gonna tell my dad I’m pregnant?me Leave that to me.[later, at dinner]her dad *grabs chest* I’m having a heart attack.me Oh no! Grandpa’s ;) having a heart attack ;)  

how other girls get out of water vs. me..   


  



cool story bro   


  



gently touching your friend’s hand bc you've spotted someone acting like an asshole & you want to talk about it later   


  



*hospital*doctor your mom... she was crushed by a carme I don't understanddoctor [blows up an empty Capri sun and curb stomps it] how about now  

chill   


  



Ben is a hoe   

this just gave me cancer   

boss why are you consistently late?me   

what kinda porn is this   

*coffee shop*me hi can i get some teabarista sure. chai?me nobarista green?me nobarista our manager is fucking our stock boy and her husband has no idea me thank you  

me trying to find something I actually like about myself   


  



when you ignore your responsibilities for weeks on end but pretend that everything’s fine   


  



😐😐   


  



I’m not mentally prepared for this 😫   


  



when she gets home horny but you’re busy making a meme that’ll change the world   


  



some shit my manager would say   


  



me Who is the most handsome man in the world?wife Ewan McGreggorme Thank you but you can only pick one  

chill   


  



dat game soundtrack   

did I win?   

Brazilian surfer Rodrigo Koxa rides a massive wave in Nazare-Portugal   

remember Mike Dirnt from Green Day?feel old yet?   


  

 

"You think this is some hecking joke, Mark? I asked for a vanilla soy chai tea Latte. This is just whipped cream."   


  



him That's a firm handshake for a lady.her That's a small bulge for a man.him Your mom didn't think so.her My mom died.him Of exhaustion. See you Monday.   


  



vandalism   


  



how it feels to go back to work after your lunch break   


  



Will Smith filming a scene from "I Am Legend" I honestly feel....played   


  



a necessary evil   


  



“Cmon Vanessa, DIG DEEP! You wanna work a - job or post pics of your ass on Instagram?!”   


  



wife "this is really your idea of an anniversary present?"me [on the other walkie talkie] "you didn't say over, over"  

things are turning ugly in the neighborhood   

chill   


  



he gunna die laughin like that   

Alexa, play “dick her dick her”   

me are u  girls from Englandthem Wales u idiotme sorry are u  whales from England  

this kid is an asshole   


  



INTERVIEWER it says here you know how to PowerPoint?HARRISON FORD yesINTERVIEWER show meHARRISON FORD   


  

 

[watching a sex scene with my parents] You guys ever try that?  

if snoop doog was white   


  



these people who set up a tent at an art fair   


  



damn hank, you ended that man’s life   


  



we all have that one friend who gets extra af taking pics   


  



do you think ants get confused when they accidentally get on buses and end up really far away  

he’s hunting for you   

Android Fortnite leaked   

you can’t blame him   


  



me whenever my man compliments me or goes on about now much he loves and cares about me   


  



Bill Gates once released a jar full of mosquitoes on an unsuspecting audience at a TED talk on malaria in , starting “there’s no reason only poor people should have the experience.”   


  



in a parallel universe   


  



Abby’s boss has no chill   


  



billion dollar company idea   


  



chill   


  



when I’m bored I come to Walmart and put these on people car windows   


  



it’s the darker side   


  



always check your child’s homework before they hand it in   


  



I want somebody to stand up at my funeral and say "She didn't even like y’all”  

vegan kill the most things   

my new ringtone   

he is right   


  



when you realize you’re getting too old for partying and just want to go home and sleep and be boring   


  



when someone tells you they don’t need to drink or smoke to have a good time   


  



did i interrupt   


  



aquarium at every desk   


  



my sex life in one gif   


  



a hotel in Santa Monica   


  



from a french Airbnb alternative   


  



first Image of Will Ferrell & John C. Reilly in Comedy-Mystery 'Holmes & Watson' - Also Starring Ralph Fiennes, Rebecca Hall, Noah Jupe, and Kelly Macdonald   


  



angel what did you do with the chameleonsgod i gave them the ability to be camouflaged anywherechameleon yeah this is fucking awesomegod [frightened] w-who said that  

again   

society these days in a nutshell   

chill   


  



no homo tho http//t.cn/RDTFzZs  

the fact he’s sitting with his legs crossed   


  

 

me deleting the conversation after just being left on read so I can act like it never happened   


  



“we found these two comfy couches..”   


  



what the duck is this   


  



damn Patrick a hoe   


  



you just can’t escape mcdonalds advertising   


  



bff I can’t ﬁnd him on social media, I only know his first nameme *types aggresively for  min*me found him   


  



*sips motherfuckingly*   


  



me I wish had someone to hang out withgenie i’m sorry i can’t grant that wish, pick anothermegenie make your third wish so i can leaveme no  

show me your USB cables  

when you didn’t come home until am and your mom asks, “so how was your night last night?”   

kid at Padres game embarrassed by parents dancing   

the duck speaks the truth   

little dude wants to go home on his skateboard   

not at all   


  



poor girl   


  



think that women don’t play with men’s hearts? explain this   


  



when u scrolling thru her pics to see if she cute or not and instead you find a pic of her boyfriend   


  



wash dishes for view   


  



when you claim your  point Sephora reward   


  

 

“You sure about this? Maybe you can sit up or-““Just take the fucking picture”   


  



the nature has taken his body   


  

 

depression is your avatar telling you it’s tired of being the character you’re trying to play. - Jim Carrey  

the one big convention of grown men   

support dog recognizes panic attack   

how to break someone’s neck   

United States of America starter pack   


  



fyi   


  



internet destroyed me   


  



when you recognize the look on your dad’s face when he’s about to yell at the waitress   


  



chill   


  



does it   


  



me there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for my child. I would walk through the fires of hell and back for himson can we go to the park?me no, it’s raining a little bit  

Alabama party   


  



freshly-cleaned linens   


  



the craziest thing people over  do is wear jeans to work on fridays  

when workout is life   

danger noodle   

perfect logic 👌   

that is deep   


  



chill   


  



friends stop putting yourself in situations that are going to get you hur-me   


  



it takes a big man to admit when he's wrong but it takes an even bigger man to give a giraffe a haircut  

internet destroyed me   


  



sure keep going   


  



when someone tells me, "Great question." I never hear their answer because I'm busy congratulating myself for asking such a greatquestion  

I’ll invest   


  



"Excuse me where’s the bathroom?"bodybuilder funny enough it's mostly diet"No... the bathroom. Where is it?”bodybuilder  squatting and  on bench   


  



we should just call Fortnite skins foreskins  

sheep gets itself stuck in tyre swing   

chill   


  



that is one solid throw right there   

Westworld be like   

% sure my neighbors have seen me naked through my window at least  times  

Amen   


  



when you show your friend your favorite movie but they start looking at their phone   


  



it’s a hat but also a big fat  seated UFO🛸 find link in comments.   


  

 

I can't say the word croissant, i’ve never pronounced it correctly in my entire life. my worst nightmare is being on a first date with someone and having to say the word croissant for some reason. I’d just go home  

a lady was told to “cover up” while feeding her baby, so she did.   


  



when the whole squad cancels but you're a strong, independent young person who don't need no friends   


  



name ur daughter lizard then give her the nickname Liz and people will be like oh that's short for Elizabeth? and she'll be like no my name is lizard  

now I’ve seen everything   


  



you can connect  ziplock bags by flipping one inside out to make a larger one   


  



moths yeah lemme just fuckin smack my head against this lamp for  hours  

I didn’t know cheetahs meow like cats, all the time I thought they roared   

this is beautiful   

this bird has teeth   

TED talk about staying in bed  

Obama did you really ask Michelle if she wanted some white Chocolate?Bill I didn't me-Obama Bill, look at me   


  



when your vagina tells you a hilarious joke   


  



that which does not kill you but makes you slowly retreat from the world  

when you go to a fancy party and decide to steal their ” HD TV   


  



shrimp made out of a straw   


  



had a feeling and buried it in under  second  

the hero we need   


  



remember bobby hill? this is him now. feel old yet?   


  



sorry i didn't txt u back my dog was watching youtube on my phone  

this cured my depression   

fireworks in reverse   

chill   


  



especially when they ask for a sip of your drink then do that shit   

bears are bigger slightly more dangerous dogs   

me when my dog does something bad and my whole family starts getting mad at him   


  



do you ever just hate someone because they remind you of yourself  

when you make a joke in class & the teacher starts talking about your grades   


  



*dildo hits the windshield out of nowhere*girl Mum what was thatmother  Nothing sweetheart, just a big bug.girl It had a huge dick tho   


  



me i don't have time for workplace drama, i'm here for a paycheckalso me, when my coworker says she's annoyed with someone we work with   


  



me vs. well-meaning individuals trying to help me with my mental health   


  



Player  has joined the game   


  

 

wife Sarah's husband gives her flowers EVERY day. I wish you'd do that!me uh ok[next day]me *giving Sarah flowers* no I don't get it either  

you know a man’s rich when he’s stepping on his own white shoes   


  



when you ask how a white person is doing and they say “livin the dream” thats code for “every morning i wake up wishing i was dead”  

this shit scared me for a second   


  



when someone asks to use my phone   


  



when you’re browsing in the deep web and see yourself with a % discount   


  



found some socks for ur gf   


  



if you flush the toilet right before you finish peeing you can save like  seconds  

chill   


  



me risking my job, career and future to get an extra  minutes of sleep   


  



when you're watching tv with your parents and a sex scene comes on so you act retarded and pretend you don't know what sex is   


  



how strong signal I need to know a girl is into me   


  



old Mexico..   


  



I’m a person who wants to do a lot of things trapped in a body of a person who wants to sleep a lot  

how to troll a bodybuilder   

me when the same boy who ghosted tries to message me again   

let’s do the hip hop guys   

chill   


  



this restaurant calls its least spicy menu option “white”   


  



real life medic alert   


  



this fish so good at rapping   


  

 

I get road rage walking behind people  

the art of the deal   


  



this makes my head feel good   


  



when you failed science but who cares you just found some barrels filled with fidget spinners   


  



"Why are you still single?"me   


  



when u finally get that piece of popcorn out of your back tooth   


  



a modern dating horror story   

chill   


  



I’d punch that guy right in the vagina http//t.cn/ReDgSo  

wife I just heard something downstairs.me It's just the wind.wife Go and see.me You can't see wind, Karen.  

wtf did I just watch   

vegans are strange   


  



gay dog   


  



yes, I might be a raccoon   


  



when you arrive in hell and you can’t see your best friend   


  



life hack   


  



when you tryna jack off but your dog won’t leave   


  



oh dear   


  



the reason why printer ink is so expensive is because thousands of scientists are needed to milk the tiny octopus titties  

me watching other people’s drama from a safe distance   


  



lgbt stands for lets get beans tonight  

tag me in any suspicious pictures/videos and I’ll decide if it’s gay or not  

dude needs a sports bra   

when it’s am and your friends are making more plans   

this guy is my new spirit animal   


  



friendzonezoned   


  



chill   


  



my dating profile vs. meeting me in real life   


  



don’t give people who sneeze loudly the attention they crave  

I want this kinda support   


  



but why   


  



ok tom holland is cute and all but he constantly looks like he's hiding a frog in his mouth and it’s uncomfortably hopping around in there but he can’t open his mouth or the frogs gonna escape   


  



yes it’s gay to eat a snickers   


  

 

gamer’s graduation   

that thing you put in your hair? believe it or not, gel.   

pretending to like music recommendations that a boy gives u is on the same level as faking an orgasm for him  

what i must look like to everyone around me   


  



bora bora   


  



early ’s self care   


  



look at frank’s goofy stupid dick face   


  



Canadian Ferrari   


  



“What’s your mom yelling about?”   


  



nice lesbian couple   


  



when you run out of toilet paper and turtle walk to the other bathroom 🚽   


  



yeah sex is cool but did you ever wake up in the morning thinking you have to go to work and then realized it was saturday  

pm hey gorgeous pm how are youuuu 🙈?pm you there?pm hello? Babe? pm HELLOOOOOpm fucking slut, you’re ugly anyways   


  



chill   


  



my two bffs supporting all my bad decisions   

the cast of the Office look like they are about to drop the hottest software update of    


  



you will slowly turn into a featherless bird if you keep skrring   


  



breakup in  Can I get my CDs back?breakup in  Can you delete those pictures of my asshole?  

let it all out   


  



live to ride   


  



min into netflix & chill   


  



Bob and James are brothers. They both won the lottery on the same day. Bob is a representation of my whole life.   


  



chill   


  



literally   


  



he must be late a lot   


  



this image will kill us all   


  



it’s not gay if you don’t make eye contact   


  



when ur joke is bomb and u gotta wait for the squad to settle down   


  



gimme dat bacon   


  



black men yelling motivational speeches always works   

when you wait for bestie to finish crying over her ex so you can hit her with the facts   


  



[god comes down from heaven]god i can only answer one questionthe pope what is the meaning of li-me, interupting the pope are flying squirels birds  

*gives u a firm handshake after sex*  

he had to make sure   


  



you know how your body temperature increases to destroy viruses? maybe the earth is trying to do the same thing.  

chill   


  



this graphic designer who doesn’t know how bullets work   


  



hunting season   


  



I’d pay to see that   


  



relatable   


  



*waiting for elevator*coworker hey, how’s it go-me I’ll take the stairs   


  



“Did you just walk past my house, you piece of shit?”- dogs  

save a ginger   

if your boyfriend doesn't come up behind you and try to dry hump you whenever you‘re doing something is he even your boyfriend?  

chill   


  



savage   


  



r.i.p   


  



people omg how are you single???me *internally* because i have deeply rooted emotional issues and a debilitating fear that im not good enough for anythingme guess I just haven't caught my fish yet! haha reel one in for me if you find one, sharon!!  

when your best friend starts to say something stupid in front of your crush   


  



when an app asks if I have read the terms and conditions   


  



me coming home at am and unloading all my issues on my dog   


  



independent people tired of flirting   


  



better get your butt back on that scale child!   


  



#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments  

that’s why I’m not ready for kids   


  



I can't be the only one who panics when someone says "I remember you"  

new episode of Animal Planet   

mama duck adopts orphaned ducklings   

the free antivirus software that comes with your computer   

mind=blown   


  

 

poor Toby   


  



“dude was living it up on the train this morning.”   


  

 

James is too pure for this world   


  



chill   


  



if you’re having trouble talking to a girl you just met, ask her if she’s heard of  LET POBEDY, it’s the world’s best icebreaker   


  



you're only as gross as your most recent porn search  

friendship goals   


  



Stephen Hawking runs over Jim Carrey's foot with his wheelchair   


  

 

coworker omg text me anytime you need a shift coveredme can you work todaycoworker omg sorry my uncle’s hamster is in town or I would  

text “me ” to your boss anonymously and scare the ever living shit of that mother fucker  

the office is gay   

chill   


  



when u say something when ur in a bad mood & then  mins later ur out of ur mood but you've already done the damage   


  



finally, a Barbie doll that actually portrays a realistic beauty standard for women   


  



every state described in a single sarcastic sentence   


  

 

Y’all ever watch porn with a female who too cute to be doing porn and you just looking at yo screen like "you don’t gotta be doing this”   


  



“everytime I stay at a hotel I take a bite out of the soap bar to confuse the cleaning staff“   


  



girlfriend don't tell my dad we have sex, he freaks out that i'll get pregnanther dad hey bud you coming inside?me [clearly panicking] what no, i would never  

when u work in a corporate office but you low key be listenin to tracks about pimpin hoes & eatin ass while u updatin spreadsheets   


  



why does this ’s Coke Ad remind me of something   


  



wanna see the video, for academic purpose   


  



me at work   


  



people who unpack their suitcase the day they return from a trip are serial killers.  

when you came to the game with wife   

me when there’s a minor inconvenience in my life   

bridge to snoop dogg’s house   


  



#garage sale#  feel free to put up descriptions of your unwanted stuff in comments  

thick af   


  



when you decide to move away from your parents   


  



ideas to kill boredom   


  



running away from responsibilities like   


  



free samples   


  



"Women over lbs shouldn't - "me   


  



me my personality is broken I’m here to buy a new onepsychiatrist that’s not how therapy works-me [slides $] I want to be cool  

Day  without sex   


  



I wish my lunch breaks were that long   


  



sometimes I smack my own ass, not in a sexy way in more of a football huddle motivational way  

when you hug someone and realize they’ve got a boner   


  



friendship goals   


  

 

chill   


  



“damn right”   

will try   


  



me holding my soul after i call my dog and the little fucker ignores me   


  



relationships are just two people constantly asking each other what they want to eat, until one of them dies  

tour guide here are the sharksme bitey boiguide ...and over here, a swordfishme pointy boiguide get out of the aquarium  

why would you replace the batteries when you can just slap the shit out of it   


  



[staring up at the sky]me what does that cloud look like to you?YR OLD DAUGHTER I’d say it’s a semi-transparent altocumulus, or at least something of the stratocumuliform physical categoryme well I see a corn dog  

savage   


  



a narcissist doesn’t starve and die when you stop feeding their ego. they just move on to the next person.  

the average Canadians   

show me ur nail clippers  

day  without sex   

when you gotta put on a happy face even tho you going through a lot right now   


  



a normal business meeting in Russia   


  



when your friend leaves you alone with their friend you just met   


  



savage   


  



weird way of coming out of the closet   


  



it just be like that sometimes   


  



is this gay literature   


  



poor guy   


  



when a coworker starts talking to me about anything   


  



莫迪总理 get ur vaccines ready  

me arriving to brunch after a night out   


  



i say idk a lot but trust mei be knowin  

chill   


  



relatable   


  



me hiding from plans I agreed to weeks ago   


  



u ever drink water rlly intensely n it's dripping down ur chin n shit but ur lettin it and in that moment u really and truly are a dirty slut for water  

I see me and oscar have a lot in common   


  



show me the labels on ur t shirts  

“and that’s how I met your mom kids”   

if you can't handle me at my worst then you probably can't handle me at my best either. my best is just me at my worst with eyeliner and brushed hair.  

haven’t seen ducks this clean   

oil paintings by Philip Barlow   


  

 

stop Kardashianism now!   


  



when you thought the argument was over & you’re at peace, but she not   


  



Day  without sex I went to Starbucks just so I could hear somebody scream my name  

the world if everyone admits they pee in the shower   


  



show me your lamps  

the biggest ben I guess   


  



cursed images   


  



chill   


  



how to make a movie trailer   

me asking someone for advice and using the time they are talking to think about what I’m actually going to do   


  



cursed image   


  



alexa, end my shit.  

high school in the s   


  



imagine when it rains   


  



Mr.Crabs eating SpongeBob   

you don’t have to do this Cleveland..   


  



show me your toilets  

when you're just joking about wanting to settle that parking ticket with a trial by combat. but the judge says, "Bring in Officer Clegane"...   


  



I am the wife   


  



when the wild ride he’s been teasing you about only lasts  seconds   


  

 

people be like “can i get a caramel macchiato with  espresso shots” like damn bitch just do coke already  

when that friend who never comes out finally comes out   


  



Day  without sex my pussy packed up and left last night. she said some... hurtful things. l don’t think she’ll be back  

when your Jewish father walks in and sees your foreskin   


  



employees must applaud the planets   


  



machine lives matter   


  



Ron Swanson dump   


  



me yeah i’ll probably die alonewaiter no i said will you be dining aloneme oh yeah that too  

finally..a win without America’s help  

tortoise impersonates Owen Wilson   

metal festival   

“Japanese tourists next to me in a noodle kitchen in Saigon. The waiter just brought a plate of lettuce.”   


  



cave hotel suit in the Aegean Sea   


  



this was the single most British thing to ever happen   


  



“Ok, for this next one I want you guys to pretend you don't know how to use your arms.”   


  



Day  without sex a mosquito sucked on my neck and | moaned a little bit  

when you smell a certain type of alcohol and it reminds you of a time you almost died   


  



I cried so hard   


  



power move of the year   


  



when someone takes more than one minute to respond to a text message   


  



that friend who gets sloppy at pregame   


  



me[having actually done very little] Well, I did all I could.  

the new dance video 🔥   

please someone tell this fish he can breathe underwater   


  



it’s nooot??   


  

 

Creed asking the real questions   


  



me tracking my package even tho I just ordered it  minutes ago   


  



what’s next   


  



hes right   


  



me getting out of bed at pm after my accidentally  hour nap   


  



when your grandma takes you out for your birthday and discovers you're a lightweight   


  



me Your dating profile said you're looking for a girl who knows how to have fun.him Yes! *winks*me [starts taking kittens out of purse]  

when you remembered to say ‘no homo’   


  



perv   


  



[describing a chair]it's like a swing without all the drama  

i’m thinking of going to the bermuda triangle and just fucking disappearing  

chill   


  



German engineering at its finest   

“she wanted to take a walk, but it was raining so l had to explain it to her.”   

Gordon Ramsay is proud   

forcing your uninterested friend to listen to your favorite music like   


  



this isn’t Samantha’s first time in refusing sexual activities   


  



u can rub ur bfs back for  days straight and the dude will put his hand on ur back for  seconds and call it good  

cursed image   


  



Elon Musk is like if Charlie Sheen had been good at computers  

[at a party]me *over the music* DO YOU HAVE A RECYCLING BIN?  

 year gap on resume that just says “karate”  

hamster sleeping with puppers   


  



judge do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truthme nojudge [covers mic] what do I do  

any questions?  

when your mom calls you for dinner and it’s not ready   

I can see the accent..foooookin sshhhiiieeettt   

Titanic theme makes thing better   

“I’m gonna use this line next time I’m at the airport.”   


  



me acting like nothing happened after I was distracted and almost swerved into oncoming traffic and the people behind me saw it all and pulled up next to me at a red light   


  



show me a more russian photo than this one   


  



   


  



when there is a fly stuck in your room so you open the window widely for it to escape but it still can't find its way out   


  



Canadian bathroom graffiti   


  



I want a relationship*masturbates*I do not want a relationship  

lucky man   


  



when buying watermelons, make sure to do the knock test by rapping your knuckles twice on the watermelonif something knocks back, that is a dinosaur eggwatermelons are in the next aisle over  

I probably can’t handle it if my comment section looked like this..internet is so damn scary   


  

 

death in space   

black swan feeding koi fish   

in case of emergency, hurl your enormous penis out the nearest window, and climb to safety   


  



mood   


  

 

question how many dogs does this guy have   

when you’re trying to figure out what to order at starbucks   


  



imagine being a lawyer, skimming through old records for months, working on a strategy to free your client and this mofugga shows up to court like this   


  



that bastard   


  



why not both   


  



a Scottish division utilizes a little used or known strategy of playing their bagpipes so loud that the Germans can't hear their movements   


  



chef Someone needs to prepare the chickenme I'll do it *sits chicken down* look dude, this isn't gonna be a good day for you  

would immediately swipe right   


  



I always get self conscious buying toilet paper like some high schooler is gonna take a picture of me and post it online with the caption "lmao this dude poops"  

[during sex]me you ok babe? You don't seem that into ither *mouthing* I'm on the phone  

when he tells you he's not ready for a relationship but you've already told everyone he‘s your man   


  



I've probably already met the man of my dreams and told him to fuck off  

chill   


  



jones’ good ass bbq and foot massage http//video.weibo.com/show?fid=  

always seduce   


  



dayum   

the art of the deal   

going for a kayak ride   

my teacher watching me take my exam   

what if depressed people are actually just the ones who see the world for what it really is?  

relationship status   


  



always be yourself. unless you can be quiet, then be that.  

so confused by the weird flower he has to sit down and think about it for a second   

it’s a trap!   

I’m too emotionally stable to be in a relationship  

hmmm   


  



the way she just gives up   


  



“found this on Amazon under hourglass reviews”   


  



this is what I picture when people send me “”   


  



when your sugar daddy takes you to a party with his friends   


  



when he’s been buying you drinks all night and then asks for your number   


  



the coolest thing I have ever read   


  



omg   


  



if you want to know what it's like to be in your s, I just ordered an orange soda with my lunch and said "that'll be a nice little treat" out loud  

“how hot is it where you live?”me   


  



me where should we eat?group chat *no response*me *suggests a place*group chat   


  



Michael Jackson in WWE wrestling   

I can relate to Alice. she just keeps randomly eating and drinking everything she sees with the hope that it might actually solve all her problems   


  



mood Paris Hilton & Britney Spears before & after a party,    


  

 

works like a charm   


  



every white dude after sex i usually last longer but it's been a while. anyway here’s a hole i punched in my wall while i was mad at my mom  

when you tag someone in a meme and they respond “seen it”   


  



when your friend is really weird but you guys get along really well   


  



chill   


  



[grocery store]boss You're doing a great job but we have to let you gome What, why?boss *sighs* You can't keep saying "spread for me you little bitch" to the cheeses. It's very sexy and customers are getting way too turned on  

"Oh my god... not this stupid fishing story again..."   


  



I want his tshirt   


  



[buying treadmill]me Can I try it out first?salesperson Sureme [pulls out laundry basket and hangs wet clothes on it] I like it.  

maybe it’s time for you kids to think about moving out   

that has to be one of the worst photoshop jobs ever   


  



I was cute once, too..   


  

 

“Dude..seriously?”   


  



trolling a mosquito   

a moment of silence   

“my friend works in HR and somebody sent this in as a cover letter for their resume”   


  



well, is she secretly your ex?   


  



anyone at the gym with no headphones is training to avenge someone’s death  

every y you add onto “hey” is a different layer of depression  

what helicopters do in action movies   


  



husband Oh wow you’re so wet alreadyme I just pissed  

waiter we only have tap water, is that okay?me listen i wouldn’t even care if you shot me with a gun  

dog sleep farting   

just the trees...that’s all   

me after looking in the mirror   


  



what‘s your sexual fantasy?me he dies during foreplay and leaves me . billion dollars  

oh...hur...hur..hurllo guys   


  



the calm before the storm   


  



now take a photo of the nearest person  

jokes on him his name is randy   


  



when your phone dies during a family gathering   


  



Jenga is the most depressing game. There are no winners. Just one loser who fucks everything up.  

relationship goals   


  



cursed images   


  



Canadians trying to throw shades   

during the Victorian era there were especial tea cups to keep the drinker's moustache out of the tea   


  



his paws look like this so hers can look like this   


  

 

who needs uber when you have your local redneck   


  



"I came out here to be alone. Can I have a god damn second to myself Karen?"   


  



that boy ain’t right   


  



it’s up his ass   


  



[being murdered]me omg barry? from high school?barry no way {stab} dave?me this isn’t cuz of some high school thing is it?barry oh nonono {stabstabstab} you were great. {stab} this is just a thing i do nowme k good {still being stabbed} you had me worried for a sec  

Nirvana   


  



my plane is here   


  



this is some reincarnation shit   


  



Susan, . Still not a grandma, reminds her daughter everyday that she had two kids by her age, made her daughter download Hinge   


  



*notices my tinder match has "catholic" in their bio*me so how long have u been addicted to cats  

how I imagine British people living in the US feel about the th of July   

clearly the man in yellow is enjoying touching there. at this point it’s beyond joking   

me trying to blend in adult life   

ducko gives doggo the slip   

my friends when I don’t cancel the plans and actually show up before the time   

I think they can figure out what’s going on without subtitles..   


  



this is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what 𝓹𝓮𝓪𝓴 𝓹𝓮𝓻𝓯𝓸𝓻𝓶𝓪𝓷𝓬𝓮 looks like   


  



all my goodbyes are happy because i just want to get the fuck out of there  

all scientists in hell will build nice big air conditioners   


  



[at drive through]guy would you like a drink holder?me ya sure[driving home]me so uh, what’s the pay like?guy in backseat holding two Sprites It’s not great.  

doctor We’re gonna have to amputate above the knee.me But I can’t survive if I’m just a Leg.  

when you ask your crush if there is a chance   


  



[me as a therapist]Have you tried getting angry at strangers on the internet?  

show me ur clocks  

tell me something I don’t know  

when you finally get to hear all the family gossip cause you’re grown and everything starts making sense   

how my mum enters my room when she sees me sleeping peacefully & minding my business   

Japanese news is on a whole other level   

the pure excitement and joy when rescue chimp sees his old caretaker   

it’s difficult to be a single dad   


  



new hierarchy of basesst base sexnd base actually hanging out againrd base spitting in each others mouthth base sharing music  

Zombieland   


  



me and my friends hanging out   


  

 

you can control white people by giving them cheese  

now show me your elbows  

mistakes were made   


  



[during holiday break]mom come down for dinnerme *silence*mom the guests have leftme   


  



when you send a meme to someone in the same room as you and wait for them to notice   


  



one fart going to have the whole fit steamed up like a microwave bag of broccoli   


  

 

ok...how do you land?   

life is a bitch everyday   

Canadian biker gang   

Jesus Christ it’s Jason Bourne!   

elephants are just big doggos   

when you catch the dude who’s been sniffin your girl’s butt at the dog park   


  



he is back   


  



edgy af   


  



Jane X Jesse   


  



what if you had a pocket dragon   


  



my boss Monday morning after reading my stories all weekend   


  



what a time to be a lakers fan   


  



always give %   


  



speaking english in english corner can help with depression and anxiety  

bird lands on a page about itself   


  



I can’t believe I was born without my permission   


  



please take the dog to the vet, because he is SICK   

dog owners this is my precious angel boy who I payed $, for last November and I finally got to take him today he‘s my everything and allcat owners this is my trash gremlin she was stuck in the gutter across the street and I lured her out with shrimp on a string  

i want dogs to be allowed at more places and i want children under  to not be  

when you take the side of your best friend without knowing even half of the story   


  



date I love car chase action scenesme, a fruit stand vendor I think we're done here  

best part of having a gf is when you’re at a bar and get a really cool glass you can shove it in her purse and take it home with you  

make sure you got your ﬁshing license this year. they are getting real sneaky...   


  



[pushing my son in his stroller]stranger awww aren’t you adorable! how old are you?me stranger I was talking to himme He doesn’t know how old I am.  

me WELCOME TO THE THUNDER DOME, BITCHboss Can I see you for a sec?me ?boss First off, LOVE the enthusiasm. But here at Walmart w…  

ME WITH MAKE-UP hot, sexy, fun, popularME WITHOUT MAKEUP the setting is Paris in . I am an old wrinkled hunchback beggar with a wooden leg. My hair is full of spiders. Noblemen spit on me.  

what were you doing during the summer when you were ?   


  



mother dog watching over puppies   

when you know you could be out getting day drunk and dicked down but you’re stuck with your "blessing"   


  



chill   


  



sext ok so r we gonna help each other face our demons today or wat  

“our love is forbidden, Susan.”   


  



me trying to transfer the money that’s in my mind to my bank account   


  



legend   


  



relatable   


  



me to myself in the back at work   


  



did you know anyone can just buy an official-looking sign that says anything and put it wherever they want   


  



that’s a lot of damage   


  



“Name’s Bond, James Bond. And you are...?”   


  



“Gurl, imma have to call you back..”   


  



now kiss   

this dance   

best plot twist ever   

I wish my house was as nice as that dog’s   

when you are  and everyone around you is getting married or getting a better job and you are sitting like   


  



"This CD-ROM can hold more information than all the paper that's here below me." -Bill Gates,    


  



internet destroyed me   


  



me patiently waiting for my ex to stop using Netflix on one of his devices so I can start stealing it again   


  



when you realize she’s a freak but now it’s too late   


  



what is your intention with my daughter?  

surprise   


  



ATM security level Grandma   


  



me watching the comment section when bae posts a photo   


  



what is your contribution to the organization today?  

finally. not a joke at England’s expense.   


  



I’m homeless   


  



*goes to line the bathroom trash can with a plastic Wal-Mart bag*Wait. I’m having guests over tomorrow. *uses a plastic Target bag instead*  

what did he say?   

when I do a tweet and see the usual  followers liking it   

when your friend who came for group study actually starts studying   


  



the power of cocaine   


  



when there’s a will, there’s a way   


  



that’s gay   


  

 

son d-d-ddad aw he’s saying his first words!son d-dad I’ve been talking for  years stop making fun of my stutter   


  



no homo tho   


  



putting first half of  behind me like   


  



when your mom hits you, then calls you for dinner   


  



interviewer any questions me if u could succ one celebrity dicc who would it be  

internet destroyed me    


  



y’all ever get so bored you actually start replying to people  

Neymar is good. But never forget the master David Luiz.   

my type of party   

Chandler vs. Door   


  



I hold my phone tight as hell when I’m walking by these   


  



what am I seeing here   


  

 

when you walk into a public bathroom and the smell hits you like   


  



Eminem always looks like he told a joke but nobody heard it and then someone repeated it louder and everyone laughed   


  



the pattern on these shoes look like a bunch of stoned aliens   


  



what is your confession today  

when your kids find out you're wrong about something   


  



her, going out last night vs. her, coming home this morning   


  

 

[cloud watching]girlfriend That one looks like a ring.me I think it looks like two people taking it slow despite the pregnancy.  

soccer players after someone barely touches them   


  



then I guess you not fucking with me   


  



pinky was put down   

I thought it was gonna be the porn moan   

a long term relationship is mostly just gaining tiny increments of weight until one day realizing you can’t leave bc your options are gone  

me at social gatherings vs. me at social gatherings after a few beers   


  

 

the internet has no limitations   


  



this could be us, but you keep calling the police   


  



potential bae what do you bring to the table?me bitch, I am the table   


  



girls who do their makeup on the floor in front of a full body mirror know how to fight  

nailed it   


  



a different view of pyramids   


  



that one couple on social media who break up and get back together weekly but now she’s pregnant and they take pics like this pretending they're happy   


  



when you read your Facebook posts from    


  



when you show up to work at  am fresh and ready to take on the world vs. when it’s  and you're in the bathroom having your first minor breakdown of the day   


  

 

when you pull your jeans up but don’t know your own strength   


  

 

chill   


  



when a frog swallows a firefly   

dat sum deep shit   


  



[first date]her dad I want her home before midnightme but you already own her homeher dad *‘turning to daughter* if you don't sleep with him, I will  

spot the difference   


  



Chair.exe has stopped working   


  



mid-life crisis incarnation   


  



竹顶针 need to get a job or smth  

yeaaaa. science bitch!!   


  



young Morgan Freeman looks like old Morgan Freeman dressed up like young Morgan Freeman   


  



people will watch produce and cry. live with it  

fair point   


  



I guess he did know something all along   


  



i need a set of these and I’m gonna host a tea party   


  



in case you wanted to know the occupation of “Chance The Rapper”...   


  



how extra gay people are when they say they’re coming out   

god saves human from crashing while texting   

relatable   


  



me "Fine I‘ll go, but I'm coming back early, cuz I gotta work at am!"   


  



ok   


  



when you realize slang is short for “short language”   


  



 in  technology will advance so much that we will have house robots and space travelling.   


  

 

too many wolves? wolves.   


  



shut the fuck up you stupid cunt   


  



“tell me about the war old man”   


  



block game 💯   


  



people who bet on World Cup matches think they’re really cool  

sometimes u just gotta clean your room and apply an elaborate skincare routine and pretend that’s equivalent to getting ur life in order  

it’s time to get laid   

no seatbelt, one hand in wheel, too far awayfrom steering wheel, leg on seat, naked. http//t.cn/RrdENH  

when you try to pull off that little piece of skin next to your finger and it bleeds   


  

 

protect your nuts   


  



 seconds after your crush updates her status to single   


  



black privilege   


  



I don’t friend zone people, I relationship zone them. You wanna be my friend? Too bad, we’re dating.  

imagine meeting your soulmate and then finding out they stand up as soon as the plane lands   


  



dad keep that dog away from me* weeks later*dad   


  



unleash the chaos   


  



me pretending to be busy at work   


  



meanwhile in Germany   


  

 

rare items in MMO’s be like   

E A sports tsuna game   

that awkward moment when you buy a hula-hoop and it fits   


  



Eng vs. Swe they have a point   

this hotel has a nice view   

Facebook grandma humor   


  



same   


  

 

no examiner can dare check here   


  



me [walks out of animal shelter]“Excuse me miss you can’t do th-“me mind ya business   


  



are you fucken listening to me?   


  



“what it’s like working with all women and their lunch purses..”   


  



that’s why I don’t have a gf   


  



me I feel like I’m dying insidedad go outside  

he is fucked   

shiiiit   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

summer in Norway   


  



Switzerland has no chill http//t.cn/RBFWcld  

when you in a group chat and someone from the chat messages you from outside the chat. that shit be feeling mad serious, like why we whispering fam?  

Canada at its best   


  



metric system   


  



“I know you saw my text.”me   


  



[bartending]girl I'd like a martini, make it virginme ok, I'll make it, just stop calling me that  

Scotland showing support for England’s first match   


  



when you bring your own bag to the supermarket   


  



“And a Diet Coke please.”   


  



knowing i'm a loser kind of makes me feel safe  

customs in Moscow airport   

Lake Bailal, Siberia   

plot twist he’s the dead beat dad   

no one saw this coming   

one of the best actors in the world and jason statham   


  



Greg has got world cup fever   


  



who is she   


  



“You haven’t unlocked this car yet”   


  



I have to let your parents know if you don’t speak english here  

english please  

parents Our kid's a teenager now. I'm afraid pretty soon he's gonna be having sex, drinking and partyingme at age    


  



the government won't tell u this but all m&ms are just the brown one but painted different colors  

when ur bored af and alternating between  different apps and nothing is happening   


  



my walk past you like we never met game strong af  

best version of this meme   

taste the rainbow   

I just made you a bowl of cookies and cream   


  



“I’m % convinced my grandma was the reason Mexico won”   

chill   


  



when you both select the same character in a fighting game   


  



friend i have no idea how some people have  kidsme they have sex  times  

“If Germany can lose, surely England can win.“- BBC   

soccer is gay   


  



just in case, if you don’t know the origin of the legendary nokia tune..   

huehuehuehue   

Chris Pratt surprises theater full of kids, butgreen shirt kid is not amused   


  



lake above the ocean in the Faroe Islands   


  



me trying to console myself after every social interaction ever   


  



[arrest]me you've got the wrong g-cop tell it to the judge[court]me your honor, that cop has the wrong glasses for his face shape  

the ultimate garlic peeler   

when you’re on the first date trying to think of something to say http//t.cn/RBYzyxK  

internet destroyed me   


  



I’ve seen worse   


  



have you ever seen someone so excited about pots, pans, and knives   

chill   


  



when you’re waiting for the shower water to warm up   


  



me listening to songs about selling drugs and killing people on my way to a regular - job   


  



same   


  



fun facts   


  



[russian noises]   


  



college   


  



probably the hypest moment in game history   

RIP guy assigned to clean that mic..   

life is too short for small crawfishes  

chill   


  



"Dimitrov, let the Saudi families go. We won"   


  



when you decide to put your phone down and go outside   


  

 

that’s crazy   


  



sheep runs away from shearer and hides for several years. no regrets   


  



me Why is my phone making this odd noise when I use it?Verizon Service Rep *listens* It's playing Backstreet Boysme Tell me WHYRep Ain't nothing but a mistake  

when you ask your girl where she wants to eat & she actually suggests somewhere rather than saying "I don't mind, up to you"   


  



relationship goals   


  



the relationship between your degree and your field of work   


  



this motherfucker skipped leg day   


  

 

% of my life is just making sure that no one goes through my phone  

this is major Tom to ground control   

Germany finally reached Moscow,  years later..   


  

 

chill   


  



"I look both ways before crossing a one way street. That's how much faith l have left in humanity."- Tom Hardy   


  



the vicious chain   


  

 

“went to senior community breakfast with granpa in law and saw one senior handing out printed memes to the other seniors”   


  



that’s the American dream   


  



sigh...*unzips*   


  



*me flirting with someone*  is there any hope?  

when a friends asks for advice on a game you have already completed   


  



I can hear the fingers snapping   


  



now I’m hungry   


  

 

ducks performing some kind of satanic ritual   


  



is this sex?   

what does this emoji mean   

Peter Griffin in real life   

chill   


  



hey kid...do I look hungry?   


  



when you first meet me vs. when you get to know me   


  

 

I hate when someone rings my doorbell because then I have to drop whatever I’m doing to be silent and pretend I'm not home.  

when your best friend tags someone else in a super relatable meme..   


  



this photographer who was approached by a baby deer and a baby wolf   


  

 

life is just a series of obstacles preventing you from taking a nap  

when my friends try to help me after a breakdown but they’re all emotionally unstable too   


  

 

never heard of it   


  



[being buttered]me are you sure about thismurderer [stops buttering] you know what I brought the wrong knife  

ABCs with iconic vines   

friend what's new?me my wife left me for some guy at that rental car companyfriend hertz?me yeah [holding back tears] it really does  

orangutan babysits tiger cubs   

sex offender shuffle   

this frog may be in crisis   

chill   


  



one time my roommate's boyfriend tried to break up with her and she literally said “not today. Greg‘” and that’s the story of how they’re still together after  years.   


  



for those who have never seen it, this is what child birth looks like   


  



the “I don’t have a life” starter pack   

The Black Heron imitates shelter and generates shade. This attracts the fish and makes them think that it's safe when really it's a trap.   


  



damn it Susan   


  

 

they think you’re wasting your life away on social media but actually you’re having some quality time in english corner. life=success 💯   


  



names for stuff you might not have known   


  

 

you child is being eaten by a camel. do youa) save your child orb) take a photo   


  



russian engineering at its finest   

when you go to sit next to your pet and it gets up to lay somewhere else   

when you find  lvl weapon at  lvl   


  



“So I ordered a lettuce burger thinking it would come on two PIECES of lettuce..”   


  



ok jesus   


  



waffles are just pancakes with abs   


  



when you’re the weird one in the group but your friends still love and support you   


  



Is this the end, Christopher Robin?Yes Pooh, it is.   


  



sunset through a broken glass   


  



so far, my barking has saved mom & dad from murder by  UPS drivers,  mailmen,  girl scouts and  sketchy looking plastic bag...and yet they remain ungrateful   


  



the awkward moment when your fish tanks falls off the shelf and flips upside down without breaking and now you’re wondering how to pick it up..   


  



when your girlfriend is arguing with her dad and she says " my boyfriend isn’t scared of you!"   


  



this chip shop has no chill   


  



safe browsing level Grand Master   


  



Mr. StealYoGirl   


  



that was art   

Alexa vs. scottish accent   

when people say money doesn’t buy happiness   

we the shit   

when she says she only dates guys that are ft and you’re ’   


  



Ashley, , think she’s a model, leaves guys on read, loves basic memes about wine and is low key a hoe   


  

 

when you coordinated your freshest outfit, but you’ve been at work for a full  minutes & nobody’s complimented you yet..   


  



me I wish people would invite me out moreme in a social setting   


  



chill   


  



damn straight   


  



how the earth actually spins   


  



“You murdered her, didn’t you?”“I won’t talk. Lawyer. Now”   


  



there is no love   


  



that guy she tells you not to worry about   

my spirit animal   

[typing to owner]DAVE I MISS YOU SO MUCH ITS BEEN SIX MINUTES SINCE YOU LEFT PLEASE COME BACK(delete delete delete)Hey   


  



wtf   


  



me as a father   


  



yep   


  



you either say how you feel and fuck it up or say nothing at all and let it fuck you up instead  

she’s sirius about it btw   


  



chill   


  



is life just a really long illness before death  

[first day as a bartender]customer I'll have a martini, dryme, staring at all the liquid ingredients I don't know how to tell you this  

amen   


  



“I think the train station is concerned about my love life and is trying to tell me something..”   


  



mob boss rip his fingernails offhenchman they're bitten really shortmob boss then do his toenails!henchman [removing my socks] you're not gonna believe this  

me to my pets at  a.m.   


  



meanwhile in Brazil, when u let ur dog out and he came with a friend   

the person who pays for Netflix + everyone else who watches it   

chill   


  



when you think about what you could’ve said to win the argument   


  



transparent socks   


  



as a guy I sometimes take off all my clothes when shit really gets real   


  



I can't tell if I'm depressed or just an adult  

finally   


  



when your friend makes a sad post and you don't know what to say, so you just 'like' it instead   


  



I nailed it so well in gaokao  years ago and now I steal memes from internet for a living  

sex is just your DNA trying to make a new body so it can live on without you  

cashier what kind of dog do you have?me I don’t have a dog..   


  



chat I can't.email I cannot.term paper of  words I am unable to can.  

crushing portable chargers   

winner winner chicken dinner   

Brugge, Belgium   


  



LEGO paradise   

the best way to keep a prisoner from escaping is to make sure he never knows he’s in prison   


  



elephant "Hey |izard...You ever see a dragonfly?" lizard "Of course, why do you ask...”   


  



chill   


  



this is America   


  



apple group FaceTime up to  people!me   


  



me well, I gotta get goingperson do you have plans?me no, I'd just rather be at home  

marijuana farmers in California be like   


  



me when someone makes a joke that lowkey hits my darkest insecurities   


  

 

"Hey, we're wearing the same shoes," I say to a teenager, ruining her day.  

if you don’t embarrass yourself in english corner, you’re doing it wrong  

how to straighten a pig’s tail   

ass first   

when you came to this world to hurt people   

Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada   


  



me texting my crush   

meanwhile, back in the ..   


  



nice ass seat   


  



when you visit Finland and get a little too close to someone   


  



“What do you mean I’m adopted??”   


  



warning in advance   


  



lady in walmart told her son "PUT THAT SHIT BACK " so loud i almost put my shit back  

Johnny Depp looks like he’s preparing for a role as a lesbian cancer patient   


  



don't cry because it's over, cry because you'll torture yourself for the rest of your life  

‘Quirkyalone’ is a term for people who enjoy being alone and single while waiting for the right person instead of dating casually   


  



when your day goes from bad to worse   

chill   


  



let’s all take a moment to appreciate the time and effort this guy spent putting a strap on his dirt so it wouldn’t fall off   


  



I’ve purchased  of these. % worth   


  



   


  



*job interview*“So we found your social media acc-“me   


  



let’s do it   


  



when you pay thousands for college but also sleep through your classes   


  



he a good boi   


  

 

your grandparents watching you drive away knowing damn well you took half of their medicine cabinet   


  



when you’re feeling great after your fresh trim..   


  



your sleeping wife is in your dick pic, dumbass  

the sound of my life   

me watching my friends settle down, get married, & talk about the future   


  



toddler *walks by with a hammer*me What are you gonna make?toddler Noise  

[baby crying in the middle of the night]wife I’m so tired, do you mind?me [turns down volume on baby monitor]wife thank you.  

*looking in the mirror*this isn't the haircut I wanted, but it's probably the haircut I deserve.  

I don't have beer belly, I have bubble tea belly.  

cursed image   


  



when you call her for Netflix & chill but the movie is actually interesting   


  



oh look birds!   

older than the internet   


  



 guide to online shopping   


  



crystal clear water of Lake Tahoe   


  



hey its ur uber driver .. ᵃᵐ ᵒᵘᵗˢᶦᵈᵉ   


  



“ma’am, this is the cock that you ordered.”   

when you're getting your haircut done and you sit there trying to avoid the mirror because you know you're ugly af   


  



when you have cynical personality but your heart is still full of love and you just want someone to give it to   


  



interviewer what are your skills?me   


  



   


  



“And lo, I saw a rider on a pale horse, and the rider was death.”   


  



they look like they’re in so much pain and agony   


  



Oasis Town in Peru   


  



TIME’s latest cover photo is a drone photo of  drones   


  

 

guess the country   

sweet and adorable both mom and son   

a good wife can bring balance to your life   


  



free hug   


  



I want to play this   

no homo tho   


  



when you and your bestie are both having mental breakdowns right now, so you meet up to crumble and fall apart together   


  

 

the best part of a cucumber tastes like the worst part of a watermelon  

every fucking morning   

"Omg McDonald's is disgusting don't you know what they make their chicken out of??" Ma'am l've literally put my tongue in an asshole before  

this has no right being edited as good as it is   


  



people that get offended by memes are the same people who cover their tests in high school  

that looks delicious   


  



for those fancier occasions   


  



[leaning over bathroom sink]me *clips fingernail*fingernail *lands in Italy*  

by age  you will have lost track of how old you are. "I am  this year, right," you'll say, but you won't be certain. you won't be certain of anything.  

stop lying Cark   


  



life goal   


  



interviewer any questionsme are the other candidates prettier than me  

flying turtle   

friends *getting married, having babies*me   

Nice Cage out here looking like he just got off a speedboat in Miami with  kilos of blow   


  

 

when he's tall and hot so you're expecting a  incher at least, but instead he pulls out a shrimp dick   


  



“I’m trying to report the news Ms.”   


  



two sane people giving zero fucks about degenerate protesters   


  



just ordinary sheep after eating grass during winter season   


  



when you survive with  HP left   


  



[watching the sunset after getting a sunburn] that's what i fucken thought, coward  

“Not in the office, Mark.”   


  



cashier Your total is ,..me Can you take off the avocado?cashier Okay, that will be ..  

when someone borrows your phone and types P into the address bar   


  



my sex tape is just me fingering the bottom of a jar of peanut butter  

everyone sounds suspicious in english corner  

this is what I need to try next   

why does it make this noise   

those people will literally grant me any  wishes if I vote for WangJu  

I lost  friends and an  year relationship last weekend because I didn’t vote for WangJu  

finishing with style   

cause ‘Murica   


  



*me flirting with someone* do you think i'm going to be okay?  

chill   


  



me talking about the weather and my weekend plans after crying in my car for the last  minutes   


  



when I accidentally make a dick joke in front of my family and only my nephew laughs   


  



me what's your greatest fearcoworker i hate the most being burried alive. why?me [taking notes] no reason  

German student starter pack   


  



interviewer What’s your greatest weakness?me They’re all great, to be honest.  

SuperBitch Bag,  (Gun Casted in Acrylic, Snake-Skin Handle)   


  

 

think of yourself as dead. you have lived your life. now take what’s left and live it properly. - marcus aurelius  

this dude makes me calm   

when I hear my girl calling herself ugly after I told her that I think she’s beautiful   

what dinosaur is that?   

a  week old lemming in a spoon   


  



I want someone to be on me like this girl on her flute   


  



pretty sure the word you’re looking for is aquarium   


  



hopefully that phone knows how to fly   

if you love someone, set them free. if you hate someone, set them free. basically set everyone free and get a dog. people are stupid.  

someone pretended to be Tom Cruise at this chicken shop in Thailand   


  



Level  Goose Warning   


  



words are sharper than swords   


  



I once tried that and it didn’t go so well   


  



the calm before the storm   


  



I be charging my phone to a decent percentage just so I can turn my body to the other side of the bed  

a bear cub purring   

when you stub your toe & your gotta take that long ass pause   

chill   


  



Santa’s vacations got pretty wild   


  



a Japanese bbq   


  



just mildly bad not completely bad   


  



it's kinda funny how when you get older you start to enjoy the things you hated as a kid like taking naps and getting spanked  

look, honey. the new neighbors just moved in.   


  



that escalated quickly   


  



I pay entry in clubs to just stand on the dance floor and think about what I'm going to get from McDonald’s on the way home  

wanna know the difference between a man and a margarita?a margarita hits the spot every time.   


  



I’ve done all these   


  



you ever accidentally work a job you hate for like  years just cause you’re too lazy to update your resume?  

except that’s a grasshopper and not a cricket   

brownie husband   

when your parents come in the room to check if you’re asleep and they buy it   


  

 

caught in the act   

nature’s wild   


  



if a boy sends you an unwanted dick pic send back a picture of a better looking dick... a more photogenic dick. a dick with a future  

pssst kid, u wanna kiss a prince?   


  



when you feel like quitting remember why you started, then quit  

Sammy Hagar is  years old.Bill Clinton is  years old.Sammy has had over + years of alcohol, drugs, sex and rock n roll.Bill lives with Hillary.   


  

 

it’s not that I don’t care, I just get over things really fast  

what level of friendzone is that   


  



% of being an adult is being too afraid to let people see you fall apart  

lost dog   


  



bro i will straight up cry in public, please don’t fuck with me  

sweeper has some other responsibilities   

words to live by   


  



some day when scientists discover the center of the universe, a lot of people are going to be disappointed to find out it isn’t them   


  



welcome to Rocklahoma   


  



Roses are red,Sunflowers are tall,   


  



when watching a sex scene in a movie with your parents, lighten the awkwardness in the room by asking, “Dad, is your dick as big as that guy's?"  

damn   


  



I hate when people just leave shopping carts in the middle of the aisle   


  



ok I’m ready now let me see that dick pic you been talking about   


  



well   


  



this is beautiful   


  



Miss Idaho potato -    


  



Man gets home, tells Wife ‘get me a beer before it starts’He drinks it then says ‘quick get me another before it starts’She says ‘listen here you lazy fat cunt, you walk in, sit down & start barking your orders...He says ‘Fuck me its started’  

honesty is the best policy   


  



introducing the newest and easiest way to take a hot shower   


  



“Break it to me gently, doc...”   


  



when ur crush says her ex broke her heart and it can never be fixed   


  



please. my wife. she is very sick.   


  



I’m sold   


  



been there bro, stay strong   


  



when your mom is beating your sister and you realize you are next   


  



whenever someone is even slightly mean to me   


  



by age  you should have a huge box of cables but you can't throw them out because you're pretty sure you still need a couple of them but you're not sure which ones   


  



I’m lovin it   


  



Don't wait till your deathbed to tell people how you feel.Tell them to fuck off now.   


  



Dear Amazon, I bought a toilet seat because I needed one. Necessity, not desire. I do not collect them. I am not a toilet seat addict. No matter how temptingly you email me, I'm not going to think, oh go on then, just one more toilet seat, I'll treat myself.  

when your girl gives you head and says “your turn”   


  



Chinese character tattoos that make no sense   


  



when you’re halfway through an argument and you realize that you’re wrong   


  



I’m allergic to sex   


  



by age  you should be gay  

.% of LOL’s are typed with an expression like this   


  



when you play multiplayer for the first time   


  



you’re not smarter than everyone else you’re an asshole   


  



Friend’s Wife hello?Me Amy? it’s ChuckFW why are you calling on my husband’s phone? what happened?Me I’m so sorry, it was an accidentFW [crying] is he...dead?Me no. he’s right here.FW then why did you call me on his phone?Me I told you, that was an accident  

when people say “love yourself” what the fuck, specifically, does that mean?  

nothing brings a group of assholes together faster than something that's none of their fucking business  

“It’s lunch time, we should probably only have one drink.”   


  



kids...keep scrolling...   


  



a first date question "How aware are you of your traumas & suppressed emotions and tell me about how you are actively working to heal them before you try to project that shit on me"  

-Mation carousel  Fish eating Fish - a D zoetrope   

‘Murica   

another soccer field - Henningsvær, Norway   


  



sometimes you just have to sit back, drink your beer and accept that people are fucking idiots   


  



I must have done college wrong   


  



when a person shows their true colors, don’t try to re-paint them   


  



duck is the incarnation of wholesome   


  



“My nephews Ethan’s pre-k class made a cook book, and all the kids had to come up with all the recipes😂😂 so much better than I could’ve imagined.”   


  

 

when a guy is home alone   


  



she’s escaped   


  



how my summer body is going   


  



prince harry does impression of his father   


  



I hate to cancel. I know we made plans to get together tonight but that was  hours ago. l was younger then, full of hope. But now I’m tired  

the last episode of tom & jerry   

I’m so wet   

how I walk into your life knowing I probably won’t ever see you again because I don’t answer calls, return texts or leave the house   


  



when your best friend is acting like a drunken idiot but you realize oh that’s why we’re best friends   


  



[i get home to find a note on the refrigerator that says "i'm leaving and i'm taking the kids"]me *unplugs fridge from power outlet* you're not going anywhere you piece of shit  

when you are taking a picture with a large group of people and you hear someone say, “Now let’s take a silly one!”   


  



me i hope the weather's nice this weekend, trying to take a girl outfriend well, as they say, man plans and god laughs[later]me wanna go out on saturday?her no thanksGOD lmao  

in Romania they have box vodka. it’s .% and it comes with a straw.   


  



by happy i mean moderately depressed  

this doesn’t involve you, just keep moving along   


  



you can save approximately $K by not going to harvard and just putting it on your resume  

“I come into the living room to see my wife in her wedding dress...watching the royal wedding.”   


  



me do you wanna see what desserts they have?date why don’t we go back to mine & I’ll be your dessertme haha settle down they do really good pancakes here  

that time when Ohio State’s band moonwalked across the field   

the journey of life   

only in Australia   

just friends   


  



that’s what I wanna watch   


  



you vs. the antelope she told you not to worry about   


  

 

how to protect your virginity   


  



when you’re the only decent player in your team   


  



one of the saddest photos I’ve seen   


  



imagine how fucked up america would be if we sent ayawawa to make a deal with the pussy grabber  

when your teacher and your door have quests for you   


  



look again   


  



the royal wedding we have been waiting for   


  



just overheard a girl order a Bloody Mary when apple juice wasn't available, which is very similar to how I make most of my life decisions  

it all makes sense now   


  



when the person you’re supposed to drink with tonight starts talking about how tired they are   


  



you’re an embarrassment to the whole gym   


  



LEGO portrait with a “Stark” contrast   


  



shortest sports interview   

game over, man...game over   


  



a touch of cloth   


  



ship sinking from a different perspective   


  



removing the "kind" from "kind regards" to let the recipient know you're absolutely bloody livid  

 dollars   


  



when she talkin bout where she wanna travel but all you thinkin bout is hittin it raw   


  



[st day in heaven]Angel STOP ASKING EVERYBODY WHAT THEY DIED OF  

not a single fuck was given   

thirsty niggas never lose hope   

pornhub socks   

totally starting to understand why old people just talk to themselves  

I’ve literally never talked to a dog in my real voice  

“Actually,” he said, right before she stabbed him  

I’m not blocking you, I’m unblocking my happiness  

every fucking time   


  



most people dislike writing because it’s the fastest way to find out how full of shit you are  

[inventing the hot air balloon] I don't give a fuck where I go  

hold on Linda, I dropped my contact here somewhere   


  



[interrupts firefighter hosing down a burning building] can i try  

early bird *gets worm*late bird *snacking on Doritos*early bird SONOFA...  

ayawawa would rob a sperm bank just for brunch  

ayawawa is able to survive The Hunger Games with a bottle of mouth wash  

only gay people can beat ayawawa  

this poor innocent soul   

when you’re picky af but still manage to pick the wrong ones   


  



chill   


  



in Finnish, these are called "pyykkipojat" which translates literally as "laundry boys"   


  



the internet isn’t wrong, it’s the people man   


  

 

greeting card idea sorry i was too depressed to hang out this month but i'm doing ok now thanks. plz do not talk to me about this in person  

me I don’t give a shit what people say about mealso me   


  



it scares me some people hear laurel  

[Toy Store]customer I’m looking for a toy that will help my baby learn to count but will also haunt him for the rest of his life.me I got you.   


  



imagine falling in love with someone only to find out they give detailed feedback on Amazon  

Olympic Figure Skater*Iands their quadruple Salchow jump slightly off balance*me “..what a fuckin idiot”   


  



I always go to the Home Depot with a pencil on my ear so the employees know I mean business  

road rage in Canada   


  



I'm fine. it's fine. everything is fine.find link in comments.   


  

 

interviewer So why did you leave your last job?me Someone found out my birthday and decorated my cubicle with balloons.  

on the bright side i am not addicted to cocaine  

me I’m stressed someone just relax me   


  



this stuff could have stopped a divorce   

my brain I checked the oven  times. It’s turned off.my OCD But it could still be on. You should check again.my brain   


  



good boi   


  



me getting ready to ask my girl what’s wrong   


  



i don’t hate anyone. the correct term is i don’t fuck with you. hating people takes energy and effort. not tucking with you takes nothing  

   


  



when you binge watch all  seasons of GoT in a week   


  



*gets hit by a car* passerby "ARE YOU OKAY?"me "please... i need my... phone"*opens twitter*me typing "LMFAOOOO Y’ALL GUESS WHAT"  

when you get in a relationship and slowly start becoming like the person you're dating   


  



COPS WE HAVE YOU SURROUNDEDme then why do I still feel so alone?  

for cunts onlyfind link in comments.   


  

 

Protip Never end a work email with “Let me know if you want to discuss” without immediately leaving the building.  

just so we’re clear, I’m fatter in person  

first trailer for Queen’s Biopic “Bohemian Rhapsody” arrives   

I would pay good money for 罗永浩 to work on my tinder profile  

I need this level of sass in my life   

lion loves wiener dog   

most satisfying snake game   

me after I blocked your number in mid argument while you were still typing   


  



the evolution of fashion   


  



and they say romance is dead   


  

 

apparently it's not "classy" to say, "just fuck me up, fam,” to the waiter when he asks you what you want to drink when you're on a first date  

my son is voting for the first time i'm so proud   


  



might go jail so i can focus on gym properly  

 may have been a bad year but at least it had a spring  

titanic survivors souvenir find link in comments.   


  

 

the best view   


  



if someone says they just love the smell of books, I always want to pull them aside and be like, to be clear, do you know how reading works  

the sound effect got me dead   

a fish that catches and eats birds   

this was stupid..but it made me laugh   

oddly satisfying   


  



do you know why your dog is happier than you?   


  



my heart breaks a little   


  



don’t do drugs kids   


  



when you’re leaving your parent’s house and you say "See you later, Alligator," and your mom replies with, “In a while, Crocodile."   


  



the elites don’t want you to know this but the ducks at the park are free you can take them home I have  ducks  

when yo ex tries hard to bring back all of the good times y'all had   


  



relationship goals   


  



my car is making a weird noise but my bank balance is telling me to turn up my music louder  

Iron Man we need to distract ThanosLoki hold my Tesseract   

ottistic screeching   

when you and bae are assholes but sweethearts to each other   


  



sad reality for some of y’all   


  



food is life   


  



me inside   


  



[grocery store robbery]robber *sets gun on conveyor belt so cashier sees*me(next in line) *slowly places grocery separator behind gun*  

makes me so sad when my dog looks at me like this   


  



because college is expensive find link in comments.   


  

 

imagine being this white   


  



[skydiving on st date]me [shouting] Hey, I guess we're really "falling" for each other lolher [continues falling and never opens chute]  

just so ya know...find link in comments.   


  

 

relatable   


  



DiDi is basically a dating app where the system decides your match and you’re supposed to date him/her immediately and you need to pay your match and the app  

relationship goals   


  



omg   

best flute in cinema history. watch till the end   

hidden away in the mountains of Switzerland   


  



"Go to bed, you'll feel better tomorrow" is the human version of "Did you try turning it off andback on again?"  

I feel like I should help her find the manager   


  



can I just   


  



Meet Jax. He’s the Ofﬁcial Stamp Licker at the Post Ofﬁce in the Scottish Village of Portree on the Island of Skye. He works every day where he attentively waits for customers who can approach for a free stamp lick at his counter.   


  

 

imagine meeting your soulmate and then finding out they talk on the phone like this   


  



ʷᵉ ᶰᵉᵉᵈ ᵗᵒ ᵖᵘᵗ ᵃᶰ ᵉᶰᵈ ᵗᵒ ᵗʰᵉ ᵒᶜᵉᵃᶰ   


  



me How is the salmon?waiter Honestly, it’s garbage.raccoon at next table *Suddenly very excited* I’d like to change my order, please.  

how yo mom look at you when the Pastor says something about disobedient children   


  



when you’re so gorgeous that no one has the guts to talk to you, so you’re just there at the club alone like...   


  



how would I describe myself   


  



that guns a slut   

most people have no idea how big Brazil actually is   


  



when your dog steals your GoPro   

waiter what would you like today?her oh NOW you care about what I want??waiter please stop coming to my work Jennifer   


  



it’s the face of zero regrets   


  



he is warming his hands   


  



how me and my bank account look at each other after I make yet another unnecessary purchase   


  

 

[in the middle of sucking dick]my brain yo bite itme whatmy brain u could prolly bite it clean offmemy brainmemy brain im just saving u prolly could  

for who wanna make some quick moneyfind link in comments.   


  

 

when your boobs small but he still gives them attention anyways   


  



can yall imagine if guys commented on their boys pics the same way girls do on their friends posts   


  



we live in a society where nobody gives a fuck yet they're so easily offended  

pray for this man   


  



“let me check the backpack real quick...wait a minute!!”   


  



hamburger peels are rich in nutrients, so I'd say eat it with the peel   


  



“Lmfao ur mad goofy I love it”* months later*“everything is a fucking joke to you”   


  



cop your neighbor has the word butthole painted on his garage doorme that’s awfulcop he also has security camerasme that’s even worse isn’t it  

my last brain cell on the first day of finals   


  



hey there big boi   


  



suspect i ain’t talkincop [sharpens knife] we got ways of making people talk [cuts a piece of cake]suspect can i have somecop cake is for talkers  

“calm down my bf is black he lets me say it all the time.”   


  



as u wish.find link in comments.   


  

 

people be surprised when i tell them I have a . GPA , while working  jobs, and a social life. I mean anything’s possible when you lie  

the first month of dating is just the guy saying "What?! You've never seen (movie title)?!" hundreds of times  

Murica   

when you’re both ugly but horny as fuck   


  



this water potato is very cute   


  



when you finally get on that beach and see people that took their diet seriously   


  



you vs. the guy she told you not to worry about   


  

 

guess who’s back   


  



Facebooks list of ’Suggested Friends’ is quite literally a list of Cunts I’ve been avoiding my entire life  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

my customer service voice is so fake i literally have no idea who that bitch is  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

I always think I look friendly and approachable when really l look like this   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

pregnant dog x-ray   


  



me i am not a religious person i prefer to use science as my basis for beliefalso me potato chips taste different when you open the bag from the bottom  

bumble bottoms   


  

 

[getting pulled over]cop license and registration please.me sure officer. [I open my wallet and  dozen hams fall out and on to my lap]cop [into his walkie-talkie] we've got the sonofabitch.  

what is this   

my crush I like girls that are funny me   

Gandalf the senile   


  



yep   


  



he is right   


  



for bad bitches only.u know where the link is.   


  



when you find someone who genuinely likes you, finds you attractive and wants to date you   


  



when you find the mosquito that ruined your sleep all night   


  



when you drive forklift for a living   


  



Captain Murcia   


  



saw a couple holding hands while jogging and it made me hopeful that one day I will meet someone who will hate them with me  

“Ok let’s drive home then.”*batteries empty*   

it’s hard being an introvert in the south   

well...there is always that guy   

a washed and blow dried cow   


  



just a silencer for a tank   


  



“Cmon man we will just take the long way home, don’t want to mess with them.”   

people need  chill we're literally floating in space on a giant rock we can’t leave, look at the stars or something instead of being so awful   


  



when you finally get what you want but it doesn’t make you feel any better and just ruins your life more   


  



what if you’re able to have TWO high fashions in ONE shirt...you’re welcomefind link in comments.   


  

 

coworker it was my kid’s birthday this weekend. here, I have a video..me   


  



flirting level expert   


  



relatable   


  



my anxiety and depression after destroying my happiness   


  

 

I faked all my heart eyed emojis.  

“I don’t know I didn’t think I’d get this far”   

when you’re clingy yet distant   


  



chill   


  



for decent people only.find link in comments.   


  

 

I'm pretty sure the waitress digs me.-every guy who has ever had a waitress, ever  

possibly the best product ever made   


  



you stand before them after you die and they decide if you go to heaven   


  



image of Saturn’s rings taken from the Cassini spacecraft   


  



how to turn pizzas into spaghetti   

breaking news no one actually knows why we exist  

a New Jersey man was once charged $, for a bottle of wine after the waitress recommended the one that was "thirty-seven ﬁfty."   


  



are you naturally boring or did you go to school for it  

when you have the ugly photos of your friends and they beg you to delete it   


  



I don’t have a “squad” but I know like  or  people who probably don’t want me to die  

we regret to inform you that you'll be this person forever  

this news reporter definitely got fired   

a cat with deep meow   

that technology must not fall into wrong hands   

when he stops replying and you're reading through the conversation tryna figure out what the last straw was   


  



me so what do u think of memes?her of what..?me [sigh]we’re done here   


  



idk how to flirt imma just stare at you until you marry me  

after standing there for  minutes, I got bored and left   


  



“my mom put oil on her bird feeder to keep squirrels from stealing the bird food and..”   

horse in love   

just putin   

Nyooooom   

me *am alive* him this is why we’ll never work  

I’m just a smile away from saying something sarcastic  

*steps on scale*   


  



every picture of a sun bear looks like it's a human in a bear costume who's doing a very bad job acting natural   


  

 

Germany   


  



friend would you be my child’s godmother?me absolutely! what should I wear?friend just something simple. we will be in a church.me 👼   


  



y'all ever get so bored you start watching porn even if you're not horny?  

him Do you wanna try and make it right for the th time?her Have you Changed?him Noher Ok lets try   


  



me "One time I farted so long, I was surprised that my butt didn't have to stop and catch its breath."interviewer " ... and a weakness?"  

that’s totally me in parties   

cows   


  



“Pick it up”“I picked it up last time”“It was ur idea to have it”“Fuck off”   


  



I bought my mother-in-law a pair of ankle weights for her workouts. She's proven to be a much stronger swimmer than I'd imagined.  

road rage when you’re fluent in english   

strangest art piece of all time   

porn in the classroom   

me and my bff acting weird in public because we dgaf what people think   

when ur on ur period and u wanna masturbate   


  



me i want to diewife don't say that. we're in this togetherme okay. we want to die  

back before they were famous and captured by Marvel, Tom Hardy and Benedryl Cabbagepatch played in a small, touching tv production "Stuart a life backwards".   


  



me i have some bad newspatient's wife please don't tell me my husband didn't make itme okay nevermind  

homiesexual   


  



*as the Titanic sinks*bandleader Next, we'd like to play something off our new albumguy clinging to railing BOOOOOOO  

me when I’m crossing the street and a car acts like they not gonna stop   


  



I wonder if my dog tells his dog friends all the adorable things I do  

Have you noticed that if you say May the Fourth be with you, it almost sounds a bit like "I'm a boring cunt with an empty mind"  

Not to brag but I’ve never done anything immediately.  

forever alone   

when his remote costs more than your car   

chill   


  

 

if you encounter wine snobs, confuse them by using this move   


  



conversations in parked cars are low key therapy sessions  

when you actually do what you said you’d do through text   


  



coworker recently out of the hospital i blew a tire on a mountain road and crashed thru the guardrail, rolling end over end down a cliff into a creek. i was trapped for hours upside-down & near death until a man walking his dog found me and called me what kind of dog was it  

To people who say that walls don't work Israel built a wall in  and guess what? There is hardly any Mexicans in Israel   


  



just because you can crochet something, doesn’t mean you should   


  



man I caught my son looking up womens skirts today bartender that’s pretty normal for a year-old, isn’t itman not on Amazon it isn’t   


  



wisdom   


  



me going to heaven watching y’all get left behind during the rapture   


  



me drinking piss coffee who gives a shit. it's coffee. i don't give any shits so long as i'm caffeinatedme drinking french pressed coffee (distant gaze) san francisco, . an unusually clear spring day and there's an undeniable electricity in the air.  

that’s one speedy boi   

everyone deserves to see this   

how to pronounce car makers correctly   

I wouldn’t even notice if it’s lost   


  



sometimes instead of a full dinner, i like to just have a few small appetizers and then also a full dinner  

baby pufferfish   


  

 

when she wants it, but I masturbated before   


  



at least he’s having fun   


  

 

Bill Clinton hiding in the bushes   


  



old lady help, that man snatched my purse and he's getting away!me no need to shout, ma'am, i'll handle itold lady oh thank you!me *takes deep breath* help, that man snatched her purse and he's getting away!  

cop I'm arresting youme oh nocop You must make one phone callme OH NO  

just a couple of straight dudes   


  



[broken down submarine]captain we only have two hours of oxygen leftme [holding  balloon animals] one hour  

me *trying to sleep*mosquito   

me looking at myself in the mirror after putting on the outfit that looked so good on me in my head   


  



relationship goals   


  



when you and your homie broke as hell but you have bills to pay so you start looking for some of that easy inheritance   


  



“Do they still worship us, child?”“Well, I shit in a box and they clean it.”“Good. Good.”   


  



we all have that one friend in the squad who has the “mom” role   


  



Irish handcuffs   


  



when you didn’t bring your phone into the bathroom because you thought you only had to pee   


  



Amen   


  



most of the interviews I do   


  



when they ask you to show the new employee around   


  



“IT IS THE DAYTIME, HECTOR. THE DAY. WHEN I SLEEP. WHAT THE FUCK.”   


  



when you can‘t open a jar after  minutes of trying and you start questioning whether you really are a strong independent woman who don't need no man   


  



iconic vines in one video   

master of sarcasm   

that’s how you stop a kangaroo fight   

this is an unnecessary long video   

accurate af   


  



halfway through popcorn and chill and she wants a divorce   


  



time to kick it   

I hate it when I see an old person and then realize that we went to high school together  

"It's like the best of times and the worst of times... the world is falling apart but we've never had better television."  

I think we all need to go out into an empty field and just scream for about an hour  

me and a coworker discussing Infinity War without spoiling it for others   

Two possibilities exist Either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.- Arthur C. Clarke   


  



Teacher to my son after he gets in trouble “I’m going to have to call your mom.”Son “Don’t call her.“Teacher "Sorry but I have to.”Son “No I‘m serious. Don’t call her. She doesn‘t answer her phone. You have to text her."  

the silent majority   


  



what if  

how work should be   

huston, we have a problem. someone just stole the president’s nuclear button   


  

 

no more you stealing life from me   

no fuckin fightin   

psychology majors are always tryna talk about some deep shit, you could sneeze and they’ll be like "its because your father hated you”  

when I have no idea how to comfort my friends but I try anyway   


  

 

me as the titanic sinks   


  



container ship breaking ice on the Baltic sea   


  



ever go to text a friend but u see the last text was them asking u a question a month ago u never answered so u decide to make new friends  

my superpower?I can look you dead in the face while you're talking and not hear a damn word you said.  

this needs rewatching   


  



customer let me speak  ur managerme   


  



NEW TEACHER i'm mr. jones. before we get started, i want to make a few things clear, "baes" and "fams." i'm not your "squad" and this isn't "goals." this is english class, where we speak correctly. "sorry not sorry."STUDENT mr jonesTEACHER yes?STUDENT that was lit  

this is what happens when you use your cellphone while driving   

me  minutes after I texted my friends I was on my way   

chill   


  



when I think I can deal with my issues with confidence   


  



when you see someone make a cup of tea in the microwave   


  



"Wanna go out tonight"First of all, I'm broke and almost failing my classes. Second of all, what should I wear  

damn   


  



bro   


  



when someone takes a photo of me and I'm not expecting it   


  



OK cap, in case ur not ok.find link in comments.   


  

 

when you dodge every single one of your responsibilities by sleeping the entire day   


  



get you someone who looks at you the way this K- looks at his deputy   


  



i perceive everything as a rejection just to be safe  

gay fish   


  



time for a career change   


  



“I think that my colleague is broken..”   


  



ass...most complicated word   

me two seconds after signing the attendance sheet   

absolutely fuck Toby for ruining this part   

no matter what the meeting is about, if you randomly chime in with “it's just about finding that balance” people will always agree  

“Your pizza will arrive at ”me at     


  



slingjaw wrasse   


  



[on the phone]kidnapper we have kidnapped your sonme Can I please talk to him?*kidnapper hands phone to son*son *crying* dad?me where's the fucking remote?  

   


  

 

me at the beginning of the semester vs me now   


  

 

when your ex tries to get back to your life   


  



when you’re on your lunch break considering not going back   


  



my mind is a conspiracy against myself  

the most inspirational quote I’ve ever read   


  



super dope   

he has more manners than me   

me laying in bed with the man I love and cherish whilst posting to my followers about how men are trash   


  



i was fine till you gave me hope  

when your mom says “wtf are you wearing” and you thought you looked good as hell   


  



great way to save on electricity bills   


  



nature is a beautiful artist   


  



I got places to be. mind your business   


  



when you use flower filter to look innocent but you’re still a venomous bitch   


  

 

[after  seconds on the treadmill]me this has been the worst half an hour of my life  

god has abandoned us   


  



cell mates   


  



being ugly is so disheartening you be having a good time and then get a glimpse of ya reflection and it kill ur whole mood  

it sounds like porn   

dabbing is cancer   

It's funny how all the trust goes away when your looking for the remote"Are you sitting on the remote?"-“No.”"Stand up"  

chill   


  



please feed your kids before you leave home!!   


  



it’s complicated   


  



pickles   


  



sometimes, during the movie previews, I'll turn to the stranger sitting next to me and whisper, "We should really go see that together."  

when your boss says that you need to wear a smile when you’re at work   


  



FYI I've found that most job interviewers are not impressed when I mention I am an Amazon Prime member.  

me *sliding $ to bartender* I'll have the usual[bartender gives me a hug]  

when you’re scratching your back and you accidentally scratch over a pimple   


  



“ha ha ha just pranked my ﬂat mate by opening up his pack of eggs and rearranging them so he won't know which eggs are which”  

this is what it looks like underneath a wave   

Matt Damon laying out the sick burns http//t.cn/RuBZJv  

bird thinks it’s a real branch   

in the 's A&W tried to compete with McDonald's quarter pounder by selling a / pounder at a lower price. It failed bc most customers thought the / pounder was larger  

me after completing / things on my to do list   


  



they wanna get dinner first man   


  



this guy had a photo of himself & his new wife printed on his checkbook to write alimony checks to his Ex-wife   


  



when you writing a test and the teacher stops by your desk and reads the nonsense on your answer sheet   


  



when you’re about to leave work and the boss says “before you go...”   


  



I had no idea you could buy this, I’ve been just using alcohol   


  



me trying to distract my kid to give my wife a break   


  



at my funeral play the Super Mario original theme until my casket is lowered in the ground then play the underground music  

Melania you’re one of the five people I follow on twitterObama you know that upsets himMelania LOL yeah   


  



maybe the best comment section on the internet  

nothing personal, kid   

this is how my coworkers look at me when i say “i want to die” because i forget thats only normal online   


  



this baby hippo got swept away by a tsunami and a  year old tortoise became his new best friend   


  

 

when you’re new to a game but your friends already have cool skins   


  



“my cat was missing for several hours, until I got a call from my neighbor...”   


  



isn’t that the name of the guy that played Sherlock Holmes?   


  



Mr Facebook, can you please explain why all my crops have died in FarmVille despite the fact I turned the computer off when I went on vacation   


  



nobody ever tells you how much of parenting is just standing in a parking lot waiting for your kid to get out of the car   


  



maybe this will put me out of my missouri   


  



son snakes are dumbme snakes are very intelligent animalsson they don’t have shoulders so they can’t wear backpacks so they can’t go to school so they’re dumb  

“I'm getting married only after I finish school, get a good job and stabilize me financially”   


  



sometimes I’m the bird and sometimes I’m the little girl   


  



me "As a single dad, I find that--"her "Uhhh, we're married."me "Right, but I'm the only dad."  

cursed images   


  



watching her puppies   

thug life   

how I be in the bathroom when I’m at a party realizing how fucked up I actually am   


  



that’s true   


  



opening theme song   


  



how to defend your home from zombies   


  



how your boss looks at you when you request April th off   


  



when you turning up and you realized you left a Dogiorno in the oven   


  

 

just watch black dude face the whole time   

the real reason evolution started   


  



find someone that looks at you like the president of Croatia looks at trump   


  



who said humanity is dead   


  



me don’t jump to conclusionsher I won’talso her   

every damn time   

we should be able to take our arms off when we go to sleep  

when your parents told you all your life how smart you are and you get to college and realize you were only smarter than the locals and you're actually completely average   


  



when she asks you for a dick pic   


  



son [kicking pile of leaves] yaaaaaay!me [also kicking pile of leaves] yaaaaaay!wife my salad!  

when you get out of work and assemble the raging alcoholics known as your friends   


  



You might as well go ahead and pronounce the “L” in “salmon.” Nothing matters anymore.  

try this at home   


  



omg same-me as a therapist  

kfc fried chicken as fiery explosions   


  

 

what if u spelled jeff like jephph  

another satisfied customer..   

when a congressman is asking you a question but you remember he sent a nude to his daughter’s friend at  pm March th    


  



See You Slide cowboy   


  



the wildest post on this entire site   


  



my mother in law is a scorpion   


  



“lemme tell you how to think outside the box.”   


  



me you have to go to collegeson but why though?me to be able get nice things *shows him my watch* you see this?son yeahme I stole this from my roommate freshman year  

i cant stop thinking about that shoebill that just picked up a duck and threw it because it was in the way. power move.   


  

 

where are the goldfish   


  



finally, a house that matches my soul   


  



me realizing the bedroom door is open and then realizing I live alone   


  



waiting for the bartender to notice me like   


  



teacher your son was caught smoking potme did he say where he got it?teacher yes, his best friendme [tearing up] he really said that?  

wombat eating grass   

that was actually kinda dope   

when you stayed up until am and go to bed knowing you have to get up at am   


  



life saver right there   


  



you know what   


  



not sure if this is directed at me or Volkswagen   


  



long necktail   


  



talent believing my own bullshit  

do you   


  



be sure to put your own mask on before help your tiny husband   


  



I don’t know how to feel   


  



me[doesn't deserve any respect] i deserve some respect  

me arriving at school after being sick for one day http//t.cn/RmmnPkY  

girls be like   

no homo but I’m gay now http//t.cn/RmmXJnq  

when your parents make you show them the clothes you just tried on   


  



well that’s enough internet for today   


  



for all those  year olds   


  



doctor I’m sorry, your wife will never walk again me that lazy bitch   


  



have you ever noticed, that we choose our shampoo according to how much it offends us?standing in front of the shelf “for dry, brittle, greasy, ugly splitted, gollum hair" and thinks "Nice, I'll take that"   


  



i'm either obsessing or sleeping  

oh my god they’re killing the customers   


  



*out having a good time with friends"anxiety “they hate you“me "they’re my friends"anxiety "are they really?”me   


  



boss Your work performance is poorme Tell me something I don't knowboss I haven't felt the touch of a woman in over  yearsme Jesus Christ, Alan  

a wild luggage in its natural habitat   

this looks like a porn intro   

old photos of the cast of “friends”   


  

 

thunderstorm over Kimberley, northern Australia   

when you’re the only one that finds something funny   


  



Russian wedding pictures   


  



“If I don’t laugh every two minutes, the bomb inside my body will explode.” -Jimmy Fallon   


  



Bulgarian artist puts googly eyes on broken objects   


  



hi dan   


  



the answer my friend, is blowin’ in the wind..   


  



It's always cute when someone posts shit on Instagram for their imaginary haters. You don't have haters Susan, everyone just thinks you're a bit of a dickhead.  

shut up & let the sarge do his job   


  



me You wanted to see me?boss Yes. Close the door.me But then you won't be able to see me.boss *sighing* No, I mean... Oh, whatever. You're fired.  

I want it that way   

BBC at its best http//t.cn/RmYfwx  

you howl your little heart out, pupper   

“she used Vaseline to give me a handjob, I came three times in the shower trying to wash the shit off”   


  



if he dies he dies   


  



me [on my deathbed]girlfriend just great. I guess I'll take out the trash myself  

I can fit everybody I care about in here   


  



I just realized I do yoga everyday   


  



 things most of us think are same-same, but actually different   


  



girls kiss each other on the lips all the time but I accidentally suck my homie’s dick one time and I'm gay  

the truth behind kraken   


  



when you forget to turn off your flash   


  



couch for sale seats  or approximately  loads of laundry  

how can the tv stay turned on   

I’d maul her if I were the bear   

let me love you bitch   

we’re all sick fucks inside   

every girl out there like "yay channing tatum is single, now i finally get my shot" lmao ok hannah what are you gonna do, run into him at starbucks and show him ur ankle tattoo of your favorite flower?  

he made his own tequila, what next   


  



marriage is just your spouse perpetually standing in front of the kitchen drawer or cabinet you need to open  

i only sleep to recharge my depression  

In a way, your body is just advertisement for your sperm/egg  

this is the level of “minding my own business” I’m currently on   


  



Never understood why old people say "Be good" when leaving? Can't do that Susan. Already planned a riot, a few stabbings and a bank robbery  

how about an app where you can delete your number off of other people‘s phones?  

[first day as a cop investigating a bank robbery]*awkward silence*criminal I wan-me *slams fists on table* Where is the fucken bank?  

fellas, is it gay to love your country?  

comment “sleep well pupper” for good luck   

super Yoshi   

witchcraft    

no homo but what’s ur plan for Friday night  

no matter what you're going through, always remember someone on Yahoo Answers was going through the same thing in   

when you’ve been talking about how kinky you are but then he actually shows up with the handcuffs   


  



“lord, forgive me”   


  



[am, my kid wakes up]me *Pretends to be asleep*my wife *Pretends to be more asleep*me *Pretends to be even more asleep*my wife *Pretends to be even way more asleep*  

when your parents lose all hope for you finding someone   


  



when some bro crosses the line and says his hair has more volume than yours   


  



[lobster funeral]lobster wife *wiping tears from eyes* I just know he's in a butter place  

man I just shit my pantsnurse That‘s ok, accidents happenman Bitch did I say it was an accident?   


  



when Susan has the audacity to ask me a work related question while I’m ordering a pair of shoes   


  



therapist Ready to start our session?me Always*therapist puts earplugs in as I scream for an hour*  

leave a comment like nobody is watching  

thank god im an atheist   

find yourself someone who looks at you like Taron Egerton looks at Hugh Jackman   

that’s what I sound like in bed   

when life hasn’t given you anything good this year, so you don’t trust life anymore   

when you both gained a few pounds but the love is strong   


  



“Boss told me to make an ethernet cable today. No specification of length. Jokes on them.”   


  



tweety is really gross in real life   


  



when you say bye to someone and both of you leave in the same direction   


  



when you and your friend are doing drugs and your parents walk in the door   


  



Paul McCartney’s new album title sucks   


  



me trying to repair my life   


  



just a picture of Zuckerberg sitting on his wireless charger   


  



"How would you describe your life?""Basically when you lry to make an omelette but fuck it up and end up with scrambled eggs but it's ok"  

have a feel   

tonight on The Walking Dead   

average British conversation in everyday life   

worse yet, his sister might be a mister   


  



and for my next trick i'II break my own heart by exaggerating my place in other people’s lives  

take her to the fuckin hospital   


  



your gf gay   


  



trust me, I’m a doctor   


  



Jurassic Park   


  



when you’re actually paying attention in class and you still have no idea wtf is going on   


  



dad, I’d fuck him too   


  



me hey can I borrow a pencilgoth girl what?me oh sorry. 🕷 𝔠𝔞𝔫 🦇 ℑ ⛓ 𝔟𝔬𝔯𝔯𝔬𝔴 🥀 𝔞 🕸 𝔭𝔢𝔫𝔠𝔦𝔩 ☠️goth girl 𝔰𝔲𝔯𝔢🗡  

you've mistaken my low self-esteem for kindness  

goodbye cruel world   

a small winter scene   

really fast   


  



branch manager and assistant branch manager   


  



people who speak Chinese in english corner think they’re so cool  

one of the best lines by Ron Swanson   


  



when the person who hurt you tries to enter your life again   


  

 

I see no problem here   


  

 

when you tell your parents you wanna be Batman when you grow up but you realize what must be done   


  

 

friend can i ask for ur advice on somethingme[have never made a decision that didn't fuck me over for months afterward] yes absolutely  

the actors who played brother and sister on "Dexter" began dating, fell in love, got engaged, got married, and got divorced, all while continuing to play brother and sister on TV   


  



all I’m saying is the secret to being able to buy whatever you want is not wanting much  

neighbor - "good morning!"me [lying] - "good morning!"  

waka waka   

North Koreans enjoying their southern counterpart’s music   

“glad my room is to the left. for some reason the right side of this hotel floor doesn’t sound peaceful”   


  



“I’m not like other girls”   


  



keep your friends close and your Canadians closer  

good friend frog   


  



this review of a basic x piece of wood   


  



dogs can't talk and everyone loves them.this is not a coincidence.  

a seahorse is just a really fancy, quiet saxophone.  

when your neighbor distrusts you   


  



Son “Mom, Dad. I'm gay"Mom *staring at dad*Dad ...*clenches fists*Mom ...don't!Dad *sweats profusely*MomDad HI GAY, IM DAD  

see you in hell you stupid fruit   


  



"Ok folks who ordered the macaroni & bees?""you mean cheese?"[waiter struggling to keep bowl covered]"that does make more sense actually"  

his girl took his phone   

my hands look like this so hers can look like that   


  

 

therapist good, good. now say it with confidence.me NO DESSERT JUST THE CHECK PLEASE THANKS  

when you realize they’re not its eyes   


  



meals and gym equipments are also free   


  



I can barely even look at this   


  

 

my bestie trying to wake me up after we almost died drinking the night before   


  



this is so pure   


  

 

Merle Haggard was so country that his nd wife was a bridesmaid in his rd wedding, which was the same year of his nd divorce   


  



ok   


  



horrible truth about Peppa pig   


  



aye   


  



math professor the final exam is worth  percent of your grademe[trying to impress him because i've slacked off all semester] that's three-tenths  

that tree really hates him   

if you don't end a work email with "Thank you in advance", how will they know that you're being a pushy cunt?!  

jealousy is a disease sweaty 😋💦👏🤔😎😂 get well soon ✌️   


  



everyone's fucked up. the key is finding someone with matching fuckedupedness.  

when he hits you with that "I can't wait to see you again" text, but you already know y'all aren't going out ever again   


  



when you convince your boss it's a two person job, just so you can hang out with your bestie   


  



“who am I to judge”also me   


  



one golden spaghetti please   


  



[walking in park]date "impress me"me "i can talk to animals”date "prove it"me [to duck] "hello you fucking duck"  

when you're playing games and your mother comes in without knocking on the door and shows the guests your room   


  



not the time, Erik   


  



shout out to all the dads out there who can't go on pornhub anymore bc they know their daughter does porn and they just can't take the risk  

what do you see   


  



I’m both confused and intrigued   

“is there a problem officer?”   


  



when you hyped your friend up to ask out their crush and they get rejected   


  



Charlie Brown is always relatable   


  



Someone painted Patrick over the old Soviet star on top of a building in Voronezh, Russia overnight. Police are investigating this act of vandalism.   


  



Oh, you don’t reuse plastic bags from the store as trash bags in your bathroom? Sorry, I didn’t realize I was dealing with royalty here  

welcoming someone home at the airport is just so romantic   


  



when someone says “you’re actually such a cunt” and you know full well that you are   


  



how I feel adding “therefore” and “furthermore” to my sentences   


  



that moment when you question your sexuality   


  

 

when people ask me to tell something about the Netherlands   


  



"this is the last straw" -me every day  

your porn is safe from now on   


  



people are not themselves in english corner  

in Russia, water drinks you   

guy making electric guitar sounds using his mouth   

Mexican soap operas in a nutshell   

it’s not the judging stopping me. it’s the law system stopping me.   

person You are a human being and you have valueme Sounds fake but ok  

hey it’s not gonna pick itself up thank you   

“Spring is coming and many russian diplomats return to their homeland.”   


  



ok   


  



now this is a pregnancy photoshoot im interested in   


  



tinder profile I don’t have a “type”in real life   


  



when you want to do something fun, but you also want a nap   

*lifts  pound weight*Nice.*adds "salmon" to list of animals I could protect a woman from*  

张杰 you’re dividing our country  

you have done your best, peasants.   


  

 

little boy “yodeling” in Walmart Remix 🔥 🔥   

some misheard lyrics   

gamer grandma   

artificial rain clouds, courtesy of NASA   

Ben seems like a nice guy   


  



don't fuck with anyone who uses their full name on twitter. those people couldn't give less of a fuck.  

when u stopped caring as a defense mechanism but now u can’t care or be passionate about anything so u just wake up every day and live life on auto pilot   


  



when you’re in no condition to drink again but your friends legit don’t care if you die   


  



what those four words could be   


  



someone made a choice   


  



sex is just like riding a bike, it's polite to ring a bell to let people know you're coming  

The Shape of Walter   


  



all I ask is that everybody else do exactly what I want when I want  

this is something straight out of an action movie   

if the moon were at the same distance as the international space station   

i’m sorry i’m annoying i’ll pack my love n go   


  



when u look in the mirror after putting on a full face of makeup and realize u still aint shit   


  



*smells perfume in uber*me are u driving other girls arounduber driver i-me who. the fuck. is. she.  

if you ever feel alone and abandoned... think of this slice of cheddar. things could be worse   


  



when ur skanky owner Caroline brings home another random guy from the bar   


  



a person asked Elon what advice would he have for all the young people who trying to start off   


  



that moment when you try to explain to jesus how hard your life has been lately   


  



me when i start having  crushes at once   


  



pro tip if you’re not sure what to say on a conference call just say “we need a holistic approach" and you should be good  

Keanu Reeves seems pretty cool   


  

 

is your girlfriend wife material? I'm building a giant wife.  

I die at the end of my story.  

me after telIing my friends i think i found a man and then they ask about him  days later   

I lost a few brain cells from reading that   


  



kid Dad?dad Yes, sonkid What is the true meaning of Easter?dad Well my boy, when someone wants to go very, very East they g-kid Never mind  

Jesus Christ don’t do this, it’s why we don’t have dinosaurs anymore   


  



how girls look taking their newly single friend to the bar   


  



when you at the club and the music bumpin so you fart super loud cause you know no one canhear you   


  



husband I have cheated oncewife me toohusband st of Apriii....wife th of June  

the art of the deal   


  



“my brother thought it would a great idea to Slash people’s tires for april fools day”   


  



young Taylor Swift looks like that one annoying girl in elementary school who was obsessed with horses   


  



me after  minutes of socializing   


  



i'm lonely please leave me alone  

real Canadian road rage   

what are men really thinking   

only in Russia   

chill   


  



a man works  hours a day. he comes home to this. does he have a right to be upset?   


  



when ur test score is so low ur teacher asks about ur personal life   


  



what Ready Player One looks like without special effects   


  



me *sees a cat*me ok time for me to bother this animal   


  



medieval paintings of cats   


  



the kind of picture that always makes Polish people nervous   


  



savage   


  



nice try poison   


  



The title of Breaking Bad's final episode is "Felina"Fe—Li—Nalron—Lithium—SodiumBIood—Meth—TearsAlso an anagram for "finale"  

bitch, name  of Leslie’s albums before getting emotional  

april fools day,or unfunny-people-try-to-be-funny day  

goodnite   


  



hide the pain   

where do u see urself when ur older?   

British school lunch problems   


  



cats scatter after their owner has a yoga mishap   


  



“I’m just coming out for one drink, that’s it.” drinks later   


  



what is your OASIS avatar?  

me I really shouldn’t eat an entire bag of cheesy snacks late at night.also me [at night]   


  



accurate   


  



maybe actually plants are farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually decompose and they can consume us   


  



“do u have any talent?”me   


  

 

when a woman gets a vibrator, it's seen as a bit of naughty fun. but when a guy orders a  volt Fuckmaster Pro  blowup latex doll with  speed pulsating pussy, elasticized anus with non-drip semen collecting tray, together with optional built-in realistic orgasm scream . sound system, he's called a pervert                  


  

                             

a collection of arguments is called a whatever  

“fuck, I’m going to jail bro”   

when you’ve finished masturbating and the video is still playing   


  



we don’t talk about grammar in english corner  

surreal trees and giant sand dune   


  



genie What is your final wish?me I guess I wish for three more wishes.genie Uhhh-me Uhhh what? Can you do that or not?genie Uhhh, let me get my manager.  

when you fake moan and he says “am I hurting you babe”   


  



treat yo self   


  



when someone asks if you’re a “red or white” wine person   


  



white people East Asians all look the samewhite people   


  



[rap battle]me can we leave my mom out of it this time?*the crowd cheers as my mom is handed the mic*mom stop being a whiny punk ass bitch yo  

me when I miss every lecture but turn up for the ﬁnal one before the exam   


  



imagine they delete Instagram.....and BOOM!!!you’re not a model anymore  

if the girl with  highlighters and  coloured pens says she’s fucked for a test you probably are too  

this nigga in front of me at Subway said "Lemme get a  inch No Homo"  

relatable   

kotisaari island, Finland   


  

 

how to hack the system   


  



oh lord   


  

 

hypnosis   


  



me as a teenager I want someone who is handsome, strong, caring and sensitive but also funny, likes animals, gets along with his momme today idk I just hope he doesn’t like jazz  

I would hire him for this flyer only   


  



why didn’t he die before he realized it   


  



[on a date]me I want to be buried under a large oak tree, give my body back to the earthhim that’s so sweetme no I mean right now  

her so what did you want to talk about?me[not good at breaking up with people] do you want to get married?  

“I think I captured the exact moment this turtle lost his virginity”   


  



doctor "I'm afraid you need a new kidney."me "I'd prefer to keep my old adult knee."doctor "Maybe just die."  

if you live to be , you should make up some fake reason why, just to fuck with people... like claim you ate a pinecone every single day  

someone call the ambulance!!   

when you lied on your CV about having previous sheepdog experience   

me[seeing a friend being really positive and posting uplifting things on the internet] poor guy  

me putting on jeans that have rips in them   


  



“I only listen to current music”   


  



tortoise priorities   


  



this girl is going places   


  



having a kid sounds stressful like how do you make sure they have just enough childhood trauma that they'll turn out funny  

chill   


  



sometimes I get road rage standing in lines  

at what point in life do you go from loving being young to hating young people? anyway, some kid hit me with his frisbee in the park today so i threw it into traffic  

It's ok, babe.Every village must have its idiot.  

have you met people? they are the WORST  

worst nightmare http//t.cn/RnTCNPX  

when the call center puts you on hold for the th times and you are preparing your best curse words   


  



“my teacher just put this up in the classroom and | feel like I’m doing all the unsuccessful stuff“   


  



that was unnecessary   


  



someone i think the world of you and i appreciate you being in my life, you’re smart and talented and beautiful. i love you.me, a person who is unable to respond well to compliments and has trouble expressing emotions *finger guns* cool beans  

when you finish in  seconds   


  



"What are you doing this weekend?""nothing much, why?""oh cool we're going out join us then"introverts   


  



me no one can hear you scream in spacemy lawyer u gotta stop saying weird shit to the judge man  

don't forget drink water and get some sunlight because you're basically a house plant with more complicated emotions  

people who don't talk to their dogs are way weirder than people who do  

when the PlayStation store is selling a game for  but you buy it from Amazon for . plus  shipping   


  



"you might be my soulmate" -me to  people  

[sets alarm for am]hopefully I'll be dead by then.  

what the fuck is wrong with this company   

she knows something that we don’t   

chill   


  



when he goes down and you did not wash since..   


  



friend  "i go to yoga  days a week.”friend  "i plan vegan meals one week in advance.”me “i eat cake over the sink so i don’t get crumbs in my bed."  

you're not a real American until you knock a deer unconscious with a choke hold on a  pound bag of Ol'Roy dog food in a Walmart   


  



sometimes I feel like the world is boring and mundane, other times I remember nicholas cage has a metalhead son   


  

 

RMB, you can give me a name and I’ll retweet one of her/his posts telling her/him to shut the fuck up  

those special effects   


  



me and my wife used to take ecstasy and lick cocaine off each other’s genitals.today we had a heated argument because I lied to the dog.  

“I will skip school tomorrow”   


  



I'm never more nervous than when I insist we're out of something and my wife goes to look for it herself  

when someone walks through that nasty fart you just ripped in isle  & you hear them gasp & yell "GOTTTTDAMNNNN”   


  



a rare pic that you can hear   


  



best fish company   


  



when you’re pooping and you feel a splash   


  



interesting   


  



me walking into an exam after not attending a single class the entire semester and pulling an all-nighter trying to learn all the material   


  



this french anatomy book tries to illustrate how a horse’s bones are similar to ours   


  



some fucking idiot doctor with a piece of shit degree you shouldn't touch your face after petting a cat, it can really irritate your eyes and nose even if you're not allergic!me, a fucking genius *smashing my entire face in my cat's belly and getting scratched for it*  

I'm a gentleman, she's a feminist. As soon as I walk her home she insists on walking me home...We can't stop. It's been  days.  

me getting ready to go out with friends because I promised them I'd go but I really don't feel like it   


  



top  words tweeted by Donald Trump over the last  months   


  



this statement   


  



when your friend takes their glasses off   


  



“a real conference I went to yesterday”   


  



I don’t trust Tim   


  



if you remember this game, you probably have some responsibilities right now   


  



her face says it all   


  



trying to be honest with my therapist but not so honest that I get involuntarily hospitalised   


  



Blue Why is mommy's name pronounced Beyonc-AJay Because mommys an A list artistBlue Then why is yours Jay-ZJay Eat your food baby   


  



when you’re the first elementary kid in class to google “porn”   


  



how I want to go   


  



when you're walking past someone in a narrow hallway & their hand "accidentally" touches yours   


  



i hate small talk. i wanna talk about dick, alien dick, magic dick, intellectual dick, the meaning of dick, faraway galaxy dick, dick that makes u feel different memories, lies you've told about ur dick, what dick keeps you up at night, ur insecurities & fears about your dick.  

me at the gym   


  

 

"I told him if anything happens to me, he should meet other women""so i did""I meant if i died Kevin...i was stuck in traffic you idiot"   


  



oh I’m sorry I thought this was America   


  



when you play online match and your killed friend tells you what to do   


  



the hardest part about being cool in high school is being a fuckin loser the rest of your life  

drop me at home but as a friend   


  



no more American nuts, people  

peak adulting is when you start using the phrase "they done lost their damn mind” regarding prices at the grocery store  

life hack   


  



trade war is on?  

when im in the middle of having a whole conversation with myself in the shower and someone knocks on the door   


  



i’m that kid you're friends with for the first few days of school before you meet an actually decent person  

still struggling to pass CET-?boi, do I have a corner for you  

when you forget to feed lebron   

me *eats a piece of fruit and takes a sip of water*my organs   

this is who I am now   


  



when ur coworkers are asking for help but u already clocked out   


  

 

when a guy thinks he's rubbing your clit but he's really just aggressively scratching your labia and he asks "you like that, baby?"   


  



english corner for people with cultural confidence only  

it’s all about having kids   


  



her I think we should break up.l just haven't been happy in a long time.me Okay well I've literally never been happy and I’m still here.  

"Our cow wasn't feeling good so last night,My son went outside to spend time with her.I woke up morning and found this"   


  



“What does he do?”“Cocaine.”“I meant for work.”  

overheard in Target   


  

 

I snuck a peek at my therapist’s notes after my appointment. it just said “sarcastic bitch” finally, a doctor who listens.  

he forgot to bring his phone into the bathroom   

wtf did I just watch http//t.cn/RnJmgFR  

his own snoring woke him up   

typical Elon Musk   


  



what the hell did that Starbucks do to you, Ashley?!   


  



nice try ray   


  



when you get out of the shower and sit in your towel for  months   


  



I’m gonna name my daughter Theresa but pronounce it like “there’s a”  

his hair is the fuckin gum   


  



Hey remember me from high school? *BLOCK*  

a tiny flying object 微小飞行物  

deep   


  



make this happen people   


  



our planet’s last male northern white rhino has passed   


  

 

cat hair is lonely people glitter  

tell me how bad Facebook is, shock me  

goodnite   

tambourine guy is how we all need to be living our lives   

when you have no interest in being alive but you don’t want to hurt your family so instead of killing yourself you just suffer through your existence hoping to be hit by a truck   


  



mom your gay dad your lesbian   


  



let him plant the seed dave   


  



sleepovers when ur young omg stop laughing we need to go to sleepsleepovers now l don't think I’m capable of love  

only for the pros   


  



yes, it’s a thing now. thank you Uber优步   


  

 

don’t fly ya fuckin drone over my backyard cunt!   


  



“Yeah I can’t come out tonight. Super busy.”   


  



quid pro quo   


  



a map of Australia for Americans   


  



the most accurate sign   


  



name one thing u don’t trust  

goodnite   

chill   


  



[ultrasound of my pregnant wife]nurse see here's the babyme when did you eat that kid, Karen  

Doctor "How many fingers am I holding up?"Ian "err... ..."Doc "Yeah. Some of these are yours. You've been in a serious accident."  

when i download an app for the first time and it asks me to give it a five star rating   


  



[wedding reception]me, standing & tapping spoon against glass can i have your attention please?[silence]me mmm.  thank you  [sits down]  

when you bout to provide her with the longest stroke ever attempted   


  



police officer there's been burglaries in the area & we're looking for a man with one eyeme, leaning in mate. have you tried using both?  

[wedding night]wife So what do we do now?me Slowly die together I guess.  

the easiest way to doubt your own sanity is to look at your ex  

% of getting older is talking about how nice the person was at the store you were just at  

slow motion lighter   

chill   


  



I thought he was grabbing her boob   


  



ur dog broken fam   

woke up this morning to this and I have to say, my wife looks a lot different without makeup   


  



now tell me the affect it’s having on aquatic ecosystems   


  



when u text someone in the same room and wait for them to notice   


  

 

 percent of retail work is just pretending to give a shit while saying "i'm sorry about that" to a customer  

 when I'm older, I'm going to be married and so happy I wonder if I could do heroin just once & not do it again, I could be that guy  

[i see my doctor mouth "what the fuck" while looking at my x-ray] I'm sure it's fine  

[walking with my girlfriend]guy *whistles* damn, nice assgirlfriend omg say somethingme ok *turns around* thank you, i’ve been doing squats  

wife can you make the bedme, a failed carpenter ok that’s low, Sharon  

[co-worker talking about her new baby]me have you got pictures?her [reaching her phone] yeah, I've got-me good for you now fuck off  

chill   


  



I want someone to look at my junk the way this girl looks at the cake   


  



this is clearly fake, Germans don’t laugh   


  



ever been so single you don't even haveanybody to drunk text?  

a guy broke into my apartment last week. he didn't take the TV, just the remote. now he drives by and changes the channels. sick bastard.  

person running up stairs  steps at a time - is in a hurryperson walking up stairs  steps at a time - is a serial killer  

take a nap. have some snacks. watch a good movie. talk shit in english corner.  

can you die from having too many passwords to remember  

[date]her Any hobbies?me I collect old comicsher Oh! Like st editions?me [flashback to Billy Crystal tied up in basement] Sure  

me How was your first day?my clone A lot of people dislike you  

the "ll" in "parallel" is really just there as an example  

most German invention ever   

Rick’s house in the simulation is Walter White’s home in Breaking Bad   


  



how I’m dealing with my problems   


  



here’s why some sailors used to mistaken beluga whales as mermaids   


  



sweet home Alabama   


  



I’ve never seen a bigger cry for help in a man’s eyes..   


  

 

u know u fucked up when u still haven’t slept yet and u hear birds chirping outside   


  



me thanks for letting me work from home boss *turns off shower* I meant your home  

that one friend you connect with on a different level than anyone else   


  



not to brag but the front desk lady at the modern art museum said she’s never seen someone walk through the entire gallery as fast as me  

me I hate country music Dolly Parton “Jolene...”me   


  



you ever in the mood to get hit by a car and spend like  month in the hospital  

“ladies and gentleman, this is ur captain speaking. we are expecting a pretty bumpy ride tonight.” - I swear they talk like this before dat party  

some music for the basement boys   

you know what, it’s better without sound   

the queen caught being rude   

me thank you for that glass of milk earliersperm bank employee what glass of milkme the glass of milk that was sitting on your desksperm bank employee oh my godme whatsperm bank employee you drank my glass of milk  

when you see someone extremely happy and enjoying life   


  



Canada man   


  



when your job is calling you on your day off and you just watch the phone ring   


  



when you grew up in a smelly, crowded apartment, but mom still managed to put food on the table   


  



[first date]me What’s your biggest fear?her That my life will have no meaning. That I won’t have lived a good life of honor and purpose. That I won’t leave my mark on this world.me ...her What about you?me Bears.  

when you start realizing that YOU might be thewrong one in the argument   


  



sometimes..you don’t want to get better   


  



“Your boat looked bigger in your profile picture”   


  



[writing in my journal about the girl I like]Her hair was soft like really soft hair, her lips surrounded her mouth all the time  

hand gesture, google’s r&d   

this makes me uncomfortable   

I don't need a "previously on..." I've been watching this show for nine hours straight  

yes, they’re not..   


  



“If she had a man, I could stay home and sleep instead of doing this shit”   


  



the baby and I have a lot in common   


  



but why does Kate know   


  



how you look when your friend is introducing you to someone new   


  



what a cute little turtle kiss   


  



I want to own this many dogs someday   


  



   


  



me too Dylan   


  



Jeremy Clarkson proposes a solution for % of the world’s crisis   

ever roll your eyes so hard that it costs you your job?  

wait for it..   

you’ve been a bad boi   

fun fact   


  



I present to you.. the man with the greatest will power of the world   


  



if you're in a relationship & all you do is cry everyday. you need to stop & ask yourself, am i dating a human or an onion  

“look at me, I’m a huuuman. I catch fish with sticks.”“oh frank, you so funny!”   


  



this dog saw his chance and he took it   


  



[criime scene]me *putting on gloves* Hey boss, you're gonna want to see thisboss *walks over and gasps* oh Jesusme Yeah *modelling the gloves* got them for my birthdayboss They really suit you  

this local lawyer makes a valid point   


  



the gym is the place where you can spot all types of people   

social media in a nutshell   

the United States national debt in one pic   


  



i came, i saw, i felt like people were judging me  

i'm a worst case scenario  

finally had that weird uncomfortable talk with my teen son about masturbation etiquette, so now hopefully he'll stop barging in on me when mom's gone  

boss Wow you made a killing on your first dayme Thanks boss!boss *puts hand on my shoulder* that's bad for a surgeon  

date I like guys who show their sensitive sideme [through mouthful of ice cream] this hurts my teeth  

her Do you love animals?me [thinking back to when I told a moose I loved it but it didn't reciprocate] It's complicated  

me *choking on a piece of popcorn*wife *turns the TV up*  

[meeting my gf's parents]her *quietly* don't worry, my dad's nice but he doesn't say much[later]her dad I love my daughter very a lotme i see  

her Does your dog do any tricks?me I taught him to lie on the bedher That's not impressive loldog[gets on bed] I wrote The Hobbit  

interviewer Do you use Microsoft Office?me I "excel" at itinterviewer haha okme You have my Wordinterviewer ok I get what yo-me Accessinterviewer You're just saying words nowme Powerpoint  

I died a little   

me so what’s the difference between the iphone and the iphoneapple employee   

the power of music   

nice doppler effect   

[court]me Between  &  p.m. I was having sexjudge Who are you? You're not even in this trialme I know, I just want it on record  

bank robber There'll be no trouble as long as everyone is coolme*remembering I'm me* oh no  

don’t forget to judge strangers in the comment section today  

dave look can I be honest with you?me of coursedave everyone thinks you’re being dramatically pettyme I see [dips feather in ink and writes Dave’s name on Dead to Me list] will that be all David?  

I'm sorry. I know I said hi, but I wasn't really prepared for any follow-up conversation.  

hey i just scrolled thru ur entire media tab going back to  and i just wanted to say that i have feelings for u  

“found this dad using his son to break the high score in arcade basketball at a bar”   


  



I’m a nervous animal too where the fuck is my dog   


  



she dead   


  



it’s really weird to me that there’re some ppl who are like % gay not even a little gay i dont trust them at all  

you gotta move to a new neighborhood after a roast like that   

this girl is a fucking legend   

they just had sex   

my inner monologue justifying going out drinking with the $ I have left to my name   


  



what happens at WINRAR’s company when someone actually pay for WINRAR   


  



when your friend tells you all the juicy gossip   


  



friend "I don't feel like drinking today"   


  



but who’s holding him   


  



when you post an opinion on the internet   


  



l was at Walmart and this lady was crying cause she lost her tax money and couldn't get her kids nothing. I felt bad so I gave her  cause I just had found  in the parking lot cause I felt if God blessed me I should bless somebody else  

running away from my responsibilities   


  



Judge how do you plead?Me [looks at lawyer]Lawyer [mouths "not guilty"]Me hot milkyL *bangs head on desk* FFS just lock him up  

when nobody responds to you in the group chat   

me exercising   

Tokyo Drift back stage   

satisfying   

making all the girls wet   

soccer players be like   


  



I used to be happily married...but then we went furniture shopping together  

remember when you thought people intheir s were adults? Hahahahaha (help me)  

when I tried politely twice to end a conversation with a coworker so I could enjoy my lunch break and he started a new story   


  



imagine if they had parent/teacher conferences at collegemom How‘s my son doing?professor I have never seen this man in my life  

date What do you do?me [holds up menu] you just choose a meal from this book of food  

son d-d-ddad aw he’s saying his first words!son d-dad I’ve been talking for  years stop making fun of my stutter  

not trying hard enough   

when he falls asleep peacefully even tho y'all were arguing before bed and you're wondering if you should suffocate him with a pillow or not   


  



when stores are closed in Canada   


  



If you love someone, let them go. If they come back, it's prob bc they went on a bunch of tinder dates and realize everyone is garbage.  

I think my lizard may have murdered someone   


  



It's . You're at school with your friends in class. You're meant to be listening but you're all playing Temple Run on your lPod touch. You just got the high score. Life is good.  

and that kids, is how I met your mother   


  



adult life might be full of pain and suffering but at least we dont have to do PE anymore  

I just stalked someone so hard I ended up on my own Instagram profile  

when you walk into a room and forget what you went in there for   


  

 

Good morning everybody except people.  

this is the most satisfying thing I’ve ever seen   

when I start to catch feelings knowing I ain’t ready for a relationship..   

that escalated quickly   

stay away from this guy   


  



students, teachers, and police in    


  



so it was a dick problem then   


  



I think the only thing worse than hearing my neighbors constantly having sex is that they can hear me constantly not having sex  

I’m still waiting for the day my parents will say  “it’s all fake, we’re billionaires, this was just to teach you how to be humble.”   


  



that’s one of the great things about music. you can sing a song to , people and they’ll sing it back for , different reasons.- Dave Grohl   


  



scarlett johanson   


  



when the guy behind you keeps hitting the chair   


  



Tummy Stark   


  



dad Son, it's time we talked about the birds and the beesme Dad, I'm dad And how many times have you had sex?me Fair enough. Proceed.  

when your parents don’t respect your privacy at all   

me ‘i need a sugar daddy’an older guy ‘hi’me   

the group chat whenever i say anything   

I have no idea what this machine does, and to be honest I don’t really want to know   


  



🤓   


  



when someone uglier than me gets a girlfriend..   


  



I know the feels   


  



relatable   


  



she has the fur ensemble and the shades on...she’s gone ain’t no turning back   


  



DVD is short for David  

fill er up   


  



after I put my makeup on in the morning   


  



me when i see a short person i’d better not mention their height, they probably get that a lot and they might be sensitive about itme when i see a tall person you tall motherfucker  

have u found Jesus   


  



the vampire   

...wait what   

me my phone dry af*someone double texts me*me   


  



this is my brain /   

jesus fuckin christ   


  



when she gave you that fake number at the club that night and thought she‘d never see you again...   


  



yeah u loser   


  



ping ms   


  



for some reason I don’t think she is very sea worthy   


  



don’t let him have died in vain   


  



“Today is not the day I die.”- Oberyn, the day he died   


  



“excuse me, excuse me..move your fuckin shit bitch”   


  



one of these people have never won an Oscar   


  

 

cop are you high?me hello, am i what?cop highme hello  

I’ll just say it...I check out 李银河 ‘s timeline only for jerk-off  

his wife has a penis   

when i take  selfies & not one comes out nice   

why wearing cone-shaped metal hats is a bad idea   

when you really need that raise   


  



when you've been riding him for  seconds but you're used to him busting within  seconds   


  



I feel you girl   


  



when you start your job as the school librarian   


  



me as a teacher ok who can tell me how to solve the problem on the board?student it just says “I’m lonely”  

legit saw a floating backpack for a second   


  



relationship goals   


  



you earned it mom   


  



[doctor looking at my xrays]doctor this is exactly what i was afraid ofme whatdoctor skeletons  

[Disney World]clerk  dollars.me For a waffle?clerk *grabs my shirt* You will pay whatever the fuck we say, because you love your kids. It's  dollars now.  

I just love it how 杨洋icon decided to put ‘icon’ in his username  

I can’t believe one of these creatures killed osama bin laden   

not what she wants   

how to pass US immigration   

me wow a shell, I’m gonna hold it up to my ear and see if I can hear the oceanshell stop putting your plastic in me it’s killing meme beautiful  

GOT SE spoilersSansa you look tired too Jon.Jon I rode the dragon all the way here.Sansa I thought you came here with a ship?Dany   


  



something ain’t right here   


  



when your sims are waiting for instructions   


  



the bottom pic is a classic, but I’ve never seen the ‘before’ pic   


  



realtor’s photography skills / would hire   


  



me when someone tries to get to know me   


  



I feel you   


  



hell lot of arts yo   


  



In rare cases, people with damage to the right brain hemisphere can develop a “Joke Addiction”. A compulsion to constantly tell jokes.   


  



when you riding his face and you pee a little   


  



tried to search ‘lantern festival’ on weibo, the results are very traditional  

I have never taken the right amount of napkins  

*takes  more shots*liver wydbrain wydstomach wydme to an ex wyd  

*when ur getting yelled at and you try to hold back the tears*   


  



me making plans in the group chat knowing I’m not gonna show up anyway   


  



friend just do your makeup at my houseme   


  



nobody is busier than a person not interested in you“Let me close the fridge I’ll call you back”  

do you ever look at your best friend and think "god help that poor soul that marries you."  

two racist penis stereotypes in one headline   


  



[jogging]brain let's talk shall weme okbrain are we being chasedme nobrain are we chasing somethingme nobrain so wtf are we doing thenheart & lungs we also have questions  

JEHOVAS WITNESS can we talk about your relationship with Jesus Christ?me no [closes door]JESUS [lying in my bed]who was that, sweetie?  

leave ur location in comments and let karma do its job  

damn I need an app like that   

don’t blink you’ll miss it   

my life story   


  



y’all first time eating wings together and she’s sucking all the meat off the bones   


  



girl how does lesbian sex work?dad s-mom both people cum   


  



interviewer  So, what do you want to do in your life?me  Depends on the last movie I watched  

the amount of energy i'm putting into studying this year   


  



me after my th face mask realizing im gonna be ugly forever   


  



‘I see you put some pants on. We finna go outside, or?’   


  



this girl asked for my bday, my birth place and shit for my zodiac stuff and idk what she found out buh im blocked Imao  

message in a bottle   


  



when the teacher says ‘no one is going to lunch until I know who was talking’   


  

 

dating in your s is just two people telling each other stories about how they used to be fun  

today’s inspiration   

I thought the speed boat was just being a dick at first   

dog fighting a crawfish   

how to handle having a teenager   


  



me Is this asshole bothering you, miss?wife [holding our infant son who's been crying for  hours] Not funny  

rear parking sensor   


  



The US Men’s Curling Team looks like a group of dads that were just trying to get away from their families for the weekend but somehow ended up competing in the Olympics   


  



when I see my parents start to type in “www”   


  



[during sex]You’re not just doing this to be nice to me, right?  

Eminem's mother once filed an million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her, settled for , and ,. of that went to her lawyer   


  

 

when you accidentally swipe right on your cousin   


  



mom I don't care how old you are, you'll always be my babyme[being passed around by her friends to hold] ok but this is weird, I need to get to work  

whenever I try to talk to a girl   

what was the game plan?   

[hostage situation]me I WANT  DUCKS, A LOAF OF BREAD AND TINY NAPKINS  negotiator ok but can you put the terrorist on the line  

gf hold my hands babe!Jamal i dont do dem things gyalgf you want to go back to guyana?Jamal   


  



[date]me what's your type?her I like a man who doesn't get jealousme WHO IS HE  

when life gets hard   


  



nobody says "Wooooooow" longer than a guy who's been accused of something he did  

“You’re a sick person if you stop talking to someone just because of their political opinions”me   


  



today at work i went pee and this other guy peed in the urinal next to me  and then like  hrs later we somehow went at the same time again and mid-pee i go “bro we are so in sync haha.” he didnt respond  

"You look so unapproachable"me "yet here you are"   


  



alright son, smile for the camera   


  



ah, the s... when a kid would blow out their birthday candles over top of an ashtray, a foot away from an open beer, while someone held a lit cigar next to their face   


  



paranormal investigator how long has the scary lady been appearing in your family photosme ever since i married her  

chill & goodnite   


  



me and the  people that always like and retweet my tweets   

tinder   


  



I like when flies won't leave my car on long road trips. Have fun moving to Kansas, you tiny idiot.  

tryna figure out how to bring up all the shit you saw in his phone without giving away that you went thru his phone   


  



finally found my spirit animal   


  



one of my biggest faults is that when i ask someone their name i forget to listen to what their name is  

doctor Write letters to people who anger you and then burn them.you Sounds good. Do I keep the letters?   


  



me *D prints a girlfriend* Hey babyD Girlfriend *D prints a boyfriend* I have a boyfriend  

shut up Ben   


  



guess who’s single   


  



*adjusts expectationshow about now?life  Lower, much lower  

jesus, ppl, stop trying to make a big deal out of it  

AI at its finest   


  



his laugh was the best part   

Manners Maketh Men bitch!   

"As a woman, I just want the same rights as a rattlesnake."   


  



this has to be sex   

me looking at the  notifications I’m receiving cause I’ve isolated myself & ruined all my relationships   


  



I honestly can't remember how I became an adult.  I was a kid just a while ago.   


  



I swear there’s nothing political here  

OLYMPIC JUDGE the routine was good but we were forced to take away points because you shouted ‘watch this shit, motherfuckers' at the start  

relationship goals   


  



one photo to prove ur a strong independent woman  

take a lot of naps and ignore a lot of people  

when brad looks nothing like his profile pic   


  



“Poland?”“...Poland.”   


  



literally cannot understand how anyone has the energy to do anything  

i think now is the right time to bring back this song   

I think I know how to raise my own puppies if you don’t mind, becky.   

the Philippines don’t play with their ads   

this is how orphaned kangaroos go to bed   

that one cow must be a real asshole   


  



the hero we need   


  



not many   


  



me drunk and telling a girl I just met in the bathroom  minuets ago exactly why she should break up with her bf   


  



“if your lawyer dressed like this you going to jail”   


  



when you and your bestie constantly give each other life advice when in reality neither of you know anything at all   


  



Dutch bus culture   


  



you can’t call it “a BITE of China” if nobody BUY-IT[daaayum I’m so good with puns]   


  



never forget this legend   


  



love her sick humor   


  



when the hook-up apps hooked up before you’re able to find a hook-up on them   


  

 

when bae says no   

Fast & Fabulous   

feels bad man   

gas companies hate him   


  



when you giving a presentation in class and the teacher has to quiet the class down and you just standing there like   


  



it’s Britney. bitch   


  



savage   


  



when the girl you’re dating catches the bouquet at a wedding   


  



did you know? smoking is good for the environment because it kills human beings   


  



teacher if ur so smart why don’t u teach the classme   


  



the girl I love said in future she would want her kid to marry my kid. we’re hitting friendzone levels that shouldn’t not even be possible   


  



my mom trying to be my friend after yelling at me over dumb stuff   


  



you know we win the argument when you see this   


  



wife "how are we gonna tell him? he'll be devastated"me "i'll find a way"our son [drawing a picture of the family] "hi dad"me "scribble the dog out"  

what keeps you up  

will you watch hockey now   

the only thing I know about Winter Olympics  is that people here hate koreans  

Thunderstruck by Steve’n’Seagulls 🔥🔥   

watch your balls fellas!   

hey jude   


  



daaaayum   

since yesterday   


  



this woman’s reaction to the KFC chicken shortage perfectly sums up British people   

god how did u serve humanity when on earth?me memes   


  



[first date]her I’m guessing you’re a dog person.me [sitting under table drooling] Are you gonna finish that steak?  

times were tough before GoPro   


  



sounds like something I would do   


  



“GongXiFaChai” is the whitest thing u can say  

"How much motivation do I have to finish the semester?"   


  



DIY projects that probably should have never happened   


  

 

the best part of getting older is realizing that everyone is a little fucked, some people just hide it better  

when u swallow ur pride and double text and still get left on read   

their reactions   

if vaginas could talk, I bet they'd be sarcastic  

u never know how funny ur until u start talking in english corner  

stay warm in your car on those cold winter days people   


  



coconut water is great when I don’t want $ anymore  

I just lost a breakdancing contest to a log   


  



only a few people know that the F in TFboys stands for fighting  

remember, it’s not alcoholism if you call it brunch  

when you’re talking to someone and their breath stinks really bad   


  

 

Is it wrong when your therapist invites other therapists to your session, wine is flowing, appetizers are served, and he says to you, begin?  

yoga instructor you’re doing great. keep it up!!me   


  



Curling is basically yelling at your teammates to fix your mistake  

Russia is number one exporter of insanity   


  

 

I hate it when I forget my password and don't answer my secret questions right.  It's like I don't even know me  

squirrel feeder   

this is me when someone thinks they’ve figured me out   

drinking game take a shot every time Shawn says “yeah” in an interview(don't do this you’ll die)   

"The concept of the Matrix isn't much different from our reality. We wake up, carry out habits and go to sleep only to wake up and do it again.it's like you exist but don't feel alive." - Keanu Reeves   


  



sexy gates musk is making the world a better place? that’s cute, honey-tell me more!!   


  



curious olympic uniform   


  



Tinder date so your bio says you like going on adventuresme   


  



me with my friends that know what they’re doing with their life   


  



[locksmith finishes replacing my lock]me so how do i know you won't come in later and steal stuff? locksmith *looks around the inside of my house* i wouldn't worry about it  

rain over Madagascar   


  



[first day as negotiator]me, hanging up ok prepare to breachcop you’re not gonna meet his demand? He’s got  hostages in thereme mate I’m not driving three blocks to get him a cheeseburger  

white people have no cultur-   


  



girls who call yourselves Luna, what is your problem?  

someone asked my professor the difference between “affect” and "effect" and he said, "Honestly I have no clue. I have a PhD and wrote my entire dissertation without using either word, Just try and avoid it at all costs”  

how buying things from Craigslist feels like   

put the poor man out of his misery   

when someone tells me to slow down on my drinking I might get sick   


  



cop step out of the carme nocop why not?me bc you're mad at mecop I'm not mad at youme yes you arecop look I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed ok  

chill   


  



I start every compliment with “You know, despite what everyone says about you...” just to keep people on their toes  

ma’am please, I just met you   


  



me [ordering for my date] What do you recommend for the lady?HOT DOG VENDOR Hot dogs.  

I’m a little disappointed 奥卡姆剃刀 is still communicating in Chinese rather than &  

shut up and take my body   


  



奥卡姆剃刀 does ur wife even talk to u?  

her I want you to kill my ex but make it seem like an accidentme say no more[later]detective looks like the killer beat him to death with a crowbar and then placed a banana peel by his feet  

u talk like a different person in english corner  

Elon Musk *launches car into space*me why don't you do something for economically poor classElon Musk *launches bicycle into space*  

because fuck people, that’s why   


  



[trying on a camouflage jacket]me how much is thisStore Clerk who said that?  

me reminding myself who i am after a mental breakdown   

pup learning how to horse around   

gotta keep them dry   

when your meat is a little but she still says she’ll let you smash   


  



u know what good poems look like  

ants spraying acid to defend the nest   

your gym selfies are the reason no one likes you  

chill   


  

 

doctor I'm sorry *puts hand on my shoulder* you‘ll never walk againmy dog *kicks in the hospital door* did somebody say WALK  

when your friend tells you about all the shit her man puts her thru but you can’t relate cuz you’d beat your man’s ass   


  



doctor don’t eat anything fattyme like bacon and burgers?doctor no fatty, don’t eat anything!!   


  



him talk dirty to meher we screwed the economy him mmm moreher millennials are entitled him keep going her I’m not racist but..him ahhhhhh   


  



boss Why didn't you come in yesterday?guy It was a snow dayboss But it didn't snowguy No I mean I just stayed at home and did coke all day   


  



[in Walmart]"Excuse me, do you have towels?""Oh, I don't work here."[leans in close]"I don't give a shit where you work."  

we really are our own biggest critic   

omg u ever see a cat at the beach?   

she gets my vote   

I want a girl to look at me, the way this baby look at pancakes   

the manliest way to fish   

this is what nightmares are made of   


  



when you listen to your own playlist and realize you are some sort of musical genius   


  



preventing you from going to jail   


  



finally, Olympic sport I can relate to   


  



swearing at work   


  



when Whole Foods is sold out of avocados   


  



me listening to my favorite music while ignoring the fact that my life is crumbling to shit   


  



when your friends think you’re a fuckboi when you hardly even get a date   


  



that yawn from the depths of ya soul   

Seth Macfarlane We Saw Your Boobs   

person i care about u my damaged ass   

rt to bless someone’s timeline   

life always finds a way   


  



stop telling me your newborn’s weight and length I don’t know what to do with that information  

“in honor of valentine’s day, here’s a photo of me and my wife on the happiest day of our life..”   


  



the worst type of sadness is when you have no explanation for it  

rarest Pepe   


  



yo son said the word prototype. When I asked him what it meant, he said "People are a prototype" and I was too scared to ask what he meant.  

when it’s only kisses for  minutes   


  



Kurt Cobain looks like a child attending an event with his mother and baby sister   


  



how to be funny in a job interview   


  



I want my holiday this lit   

“but how selfish r u?”me   


  



when ur a cat person but it’s the year of dog   


  



my dog will never understand how beautiful this is   


  



one photo to show how ridiculous ur dinner is  

When you are so deep into the friend zone that she sends you nudes just to make sure that they are good before sending it to the guy they were originally meant for   


  



you look like the type of person who would raise their voice to Alexa…  

u okay bro 春晚   


  



me dreaming about someone who wants nothing to do with me   


  



It's been  years since my job interview.I'm beginning to suspect they chose someone else  

If you're feeling sad or lonely or unloved, just think of this guy trying out bike seats at Walmart   


  



hooked up with this girl who claimed she was from harvard n i didn't believe her at ﬁrst, but while she was reverse cowgirl she said "waheey" i was like "tf u jus say” n she said "it’s yeehaw backwards" n now i know for a damn fact she graduatin top of her class  

that’s enough internet for today   

this is the best disney edit i’ve ever seen   

me going to bed knowing I was a little bit dramatic all day   

kind of stuff you only see in ‘Murcia   

I am a big fan of this guy   

what if he grabs one and holds it up   


  



when he asks for nudes but it’s cold af..   


  



well i'm sold   


  



I love how hotels will charge you $ for smokin in your room but you can literally jizz on anything you want and there's no charge..  

when your $ , sex doll just wants to be friends   


  



when ya mom say she throwing you a birthday party, but it’s really for her   


  



wife we should roleplayme ok i'll be samuel I. jacksonwife what-me SAY WHAT AGAIN, I DARE YOU, I DOUBLE DARE YOU MOTHERFUCKER, SAY WHAT ONE MORE GODDAMN TIME!  

u know they say “every dog has his day”...well today is the day, the Judgement Dayhappy valentines.  

“what happened to those friends you use to hang with?”me   


  



春晚 will there be dogs? not boys in dog costumes, but real woofers  

goodnite   


  

 

“gimme that wall bitch”   

remember to spend Valentine’s Day with the one you love most   

pure terror   

someone said Will Smith didn’t know the lyrics to the song “La Bamba” and this was his reaction   

the cast of this porn deserve an Oscar   

I bought a banana at a cafe and the barista said "wow thats a really big banana" and for some reason I genuinely thanked him  

want to be this rich one day   


  



modern art is so beautiful   


  



[bed]gf Am I bad girl?me Yeah you‘re a bad girlgf oh yeah[pulls me closer]so how “bad" am I?me[remembering she said she didn't want dessert & then ate my dessert] you're a fucking nightmare tbh Linda  

春晚 bro u know what they say about u  

so true   


  



no one warned me that being an adult was mostly just hurrying up to get somewhere you don't want to go in the first place  

me after a long crying session finally knocks me out   


  



this man fears nothing   

gaming is natural. I do it  times a day   

play this at my funeral   

pimple popping toy   

were u trying to paint Satan himself or just his flying dick? Detplus   


  



this woman caught her neighbor's corgi riding her pony   

Her Help, this man is dying, what should I do?Craft beer drinker why don't you try drinking some real beer instead of that piss water   


  



for when it gets real   


  



dating in a nutshell   


  



these barbers real af   


  



an unusual face swap   


  



people who watch winter olympics scares me  

YouTube is the worst when trying to concentrate on workTop  unexplained ocean mysteries?Fuck me go on then  

it ain’t real english corner if u don’t hate each other’s comments  

sorry Gabriel   


  

 

"the girls got in trouble and there goes tux letting them free" the best thing ive seen today   

Eminem, it’s time to step down   

evolution of windows startup sounds   

this dog can’t stop farting   

when you show somebody a funny video you've been laughing at all day & you're waiting for them to laugh   

when the server asks if u want dessert and everyone else says no but u say sure   


  



French president Emmanuel Macron looks like he is ready to risk it all   


  



damn that’s deep   


  



when gf finds out you still watch porn   


  



when you’re usually a happy Afghan but your girl broke up with you so now you’re   


  



doctor How many fingers am I holding up?me Just one and it's your middle finger.doctor *cleaning his glasses* Yeah, no one likes you, Dave.  

ah yes, the two genders   


  



footage of Canadian violence   

an ambulance but with Owen Wilson saying wow   

*pirate music intensifies*   

everyday we stray further from god   

“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It’s not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”- Robin Williams   


  



I slept with this guy who works at Netflix, which was pretty cool because afterwards he recommended other guys I may also like sleeping with  

very oddly satisfying   


  

 

[realtor school, day ]INSTRUCTOR are you able to walk through a house while describing things that everyone can already see?CLASS *nods*INSTRUCTOR *hands out diplomas*  

sometimes I wonder what happened to the people who asked me for directions   


  



my boss texted me, "Send me one of your funny jokes."I replied, "I'm working at the moment, I will send you one later."he replied, "That was fantastic! Send me another one."  

when you're listening to really fast music that pumps you up but you’re not doing anything particularly exciting so you just sit there super energetically   


  



If someone shows up at my house unannounced, I won't open the door. I just stand on the other side of the glass shaking my head no.  

hey. it’s ok  

“I told her that she “can only take one” out of the box, and this happened...” my heart 😩😭   

just trying to be healthy smh   

just trying to tell Siri I’m ..   


  



I love her accent   

guys tell me why I am crying   

how to create drake’s One Dance   

chill   


  



Oboi here we go again   


  



man locks his head in a cage in an attempt to quit smoking. wife has the key and only opens it for meals   


  



me There's a fly in my soup.waiter I'm so sorry, sir. I'll sort this.*puts a spider in the soup*waiter Hopefully this won't take too long  

I’d be the girl in the back just watching and eating   

I need this mug   


  



ElonMusk do u even read The Three-Body Problem? or u just hate us  

"Go back to bed. This doesn't concern you."   


  



Sorry, Babe, it's over. *I get on my motorcycle but I can't get it to start so I use my feet to scoot away*  

 zhongguozan beats  regular zan, maybe   

don’t even like it if ur ‘like’ is not zhongguozan  

if you're having a bad day, watch this   

Katy Perry without music..Bon Appétit   

"The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence." - French novelist Jules Verne born this day    


  

 

“Ugh I really like talking to this boy he is so sweet and cute” * days later* me   

this is what I'll see when I'm about to die   

omg we don't deserve dogs   

made my day   


  



[ men standing in an empty basement together]man  “Alright, maybe we should tell a few people about Fight Club.”  

Canadian security system   


  



I finally had “the talk" with my kids. I told them how some animals eat their young, so they better get their shit together before dinner.  

you call it “spring festival”I call it “this too shall pass”  

Do not breed pug with other breeds   


  



me after doing the bare minimum   


  



"You're  and you're still living with your parents?"..whose parents am I supposed to live with?   


  



yeah sex is cool but have u ever sat in total darkness alone wondering why ur not good enough  

I wanna dance like that   

when your mom says “Come back I’m not done talking to you”   

retweet if you’re poor   

little did they know..   


  



when she finishes you off like a professional pianist   

me “I really want to be successful!”*thinks about all of the social interaction that success requires*   


  



when he makes me get on top   


  



[speed-dating]me wanna see a magic trick?her sure!me yikes *writes " years old and still believes in magic" in notebook*  

this cow is more fabulous than any of us   


  



“space races are exciting”   

whenever someone is going to come over i speed clean my room and then when they arrive i say “oh my goodness i’m sorry my room is SO messy” so they think i have very high standards for messy but really this is the first time i’ve seen my floor in a month  

me right before I give my friends advice   


  



dad One man’s trash is another man’s treasuregirl Huh?dad You’re adopted   


  



me thinking about how we have to do this all over again next week   


  



goodnite   

i can't stop watching this   

how to deactivate a cat   

this shouldn’t be making me laugh   

imagine you had sex with somebody and they accidentally moaned out your username instead of your name  

your mom when you wake up after am   

fishing is life   

I don't think girls realize how handsome my mom says I am  

when you find the perfect person to run away from your problems forever with   


  



"Sorry for the inconvenience."— me, introducing myself.  

[interview]HR Can you give me an example of your problem solving skillsme I was fired from my last job and now i'm applying for this one  

most kids will fake a cough to get off school for a day, my little brother calls the ambulance   


  



squirrels always act like it's their first day of being a squirrel  

Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me weaaak   

paris hilton pulling up to in n out and asking “is there anything healthy here?”   

sounds like she’s seen some shit   

straight people I don’t mind gay people, I just wish they wouldn’t be so in your face about itstraight people   


  



*does a face mask*this is going to fix everything.  

do you ever put your headphones in but forget to play your music until  minutes later when you notice you haven’t started it yet???  

chill   


  



send her "you hungry?" at  AM instead of "wyd?" and u might get a reply  

if girls were boys for a day   


  



yeah sex is cool but have you ever sat down in the shower  

I laughed too loudly at this   


  



We heard there was a superb owl party?   


  



me ok im gonna have a great day today bro no bullshitbrain hey r u actually happy or just distracted from sadnessme what the fuck man  

one month into    

Slav engineering at its finest   

chill   


  

 

how to confuse a cat   

a light at the end of your tunnel   


  



he could die ya know   


  



there needs to be a Yelp for coworkersGary in Accounting - ./ Stars“He can’t read emails for shit, but he’ll occasionally bring in donuts for everyone”  

medical professional I’m sure   


  



when your roommate asks you why you still have a beard after borrowing his trimmer   


  



having a baby to save your marriage is like curing insomnia with crystal meth  

a drop of milk hitting coffee   


  



u know what people do in english corner?  

Could you spare some trash? Please, I have a family   


  



I’ve lost interest in the book I’m reading, but I’m curious how it ends. Which is basically how I feel about life.  

the things you do for a bro   

I want to hear more   

same man same   

Say that again, you little ginger bastard   


  



I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that  

vampires suck your blood for Vitamin D bc they cant go out in the sun themselvesEver think about that?No. You only think about yourself   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

[job interview NASA]On paper ur well qualified for our astronaut program. Would u say u have any weaknesses?"Well I can only shit at home"  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

one photo to prove ur patriotic  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

which suburban white mom are you   


  

 

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

[shoe store]me Do you have alligator shoes?clerk Sorry, we consider that to be animal cruelty[outside]alligator So did you get them?me Uh...they didn't have your size  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

I actually have this   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

why do people ask you "how was work?” as if you’re going to turn around & be like "it was great thanks for asking”. Mate I barely made it through the day without knocking someone out  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

the dude   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

girlfriend this is my dad, Howardme Hey man... *we lock eyes* Howard you doinghoward *maintaining eye contact* Sarah this is the one  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

sounds really nice actually   

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

"Calling teachers by their first name"   

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

me “I’m going to bed early tonight”me at  am   

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

[first date with robot]me [trying to break the ice] i'm also incapable of love  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

when they aren’t texting back fast enough so you watch all their social media accounts checking for activity   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

true tho   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

[laying down looking at the stars]her do you ever look up and think about how small you really areme actually  inches is average size  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

when you have triceps at , but have to be at Starbucks by    


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

me Please! Don't! I have a family!assassin Who do you think sent me?  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

one photo to prove ur gay  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

me deleting my tweets about my mental breakdown the morning after   


  

 

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

somehow I am both of these people   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

me[sexting] ok I have removed my trousers and have folded them neatly beside me  

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

goodnite   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

this is how you fucking advertise   

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

I don’t understand but I agree   

 
         
 iPhone s Plus

when you finally buy a snuggie and can further isolate yourself from the world, but in comfort   


  



 
         
 iPhone s Plus

alone   


  

 

 
         
 iPhone客户端

life hack just few minutes of painting and you’re no longer a jerk, but VIP   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

relatable   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

waiting to do my staff evaluation at work   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

hangovers are painful because you slowly go back to being who you really are  

 
         
 iPhone客户端

when he asks you to come back to his so he can "show you his instrument 😏😏" but he was being serious   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

“my friend over there think u cute”   


  



 
         
 iPhone客户端

establish dominance in your household by staring at your husband while you unplug his phone from the charger and plug in your own  

 
         
 iPhone客户端

when your bro gets into a relationship   

subway staredown   

me ok time to be productive my brain   

me as a professional   


  



if your marriage can survive building an IKEA dresser together, it can survive anything  

send help, my cat is melting   


  



when you‘ve got a job interview so you have to hide your crippling depression for a few hours   


  



being an aduit is pretty easy, you just feel tired ail the time and tell people about how tired you are and they tell you how tired they are  

this is how you laugh when you’re trying to get laid   


  



The year is  you're starting up your PlayStation . It's am and you have your bowl of cereal next to you on the living room floor. you lower your voice as much as you can and say “EA SPORTS IT’S IN THE GAME” along with the tv. Life is good.  

it’s master splinter   

when you & your girl on the way out to eat & the bluetooth speaker in the car says "Incoming call from Deep Throat God”   


  



responsibilities hime   


  



"I saw a video of an dog owner playing dead and his dog tried to save him, so I tried it”   

 years later and I'm still pissed that the School of Rock didn't win Battle of the Bands with this masterpiece they were robbed   

rescuing the princess in    

every time I open a jar by myself I call a guy who was never interested in me and tell him to go fuck himself  

(my eulogy)"She was reasonably smart, mostly nice, and she had a truly impressive number of receipts in her purse."  

surround yourself with positive people and positive things will happen. surround yourself with negative people and say hi to my family  

when you’re  beers deep at the bar and some guy you’ve never met is now your best friend for the night   


  



sometimes, when I'm delivering pizza and have my car topper on and I see kids playing in their yard, I pull into their driveway. They get real excited, thinking their parents ordered pizza. But then I immediately leave and drive further down the street. The look on their faces is priceless                                 

that laugh tho   

my boss do u want more hours? me with $ in my bank account   

dog tries to wake up sleeping pig   

Riley, , horse girl, refuses to cut her hair, parents make  figure salaries, loves taylor swift’s early work   


  



this is the official “pretending to listen” GIF   


  



damn I know how he feels   


  



my wife Ok, you can choose a coffee table. It'll be hard to get something stupid.me   


  



some girls give eachother the emptiest compliments, they be like "aw youre just like omg like i cant" smh what the fuck did you just say?  

my sober brain I'm independent, I don't need a man, I'm living my best life, being single amazing Iconictmy drunk brain *Choking back tears“ I just want to hold somebody's FUCKING hand  

me no, no I’m not competitive at allalso me   


  



whenever I think I have my shit together I see someone who really has their shit together & I'm like "ok yea, I don't have my shit together"  

marriage is about understanding what irritates your spouse and using it strategically  

what the fuck dude   

welding joke on the new guy   

good boy does a bork   

[when i was a kid]dad remember, if a girl is mean to you, that means she likes you[today]my boss you screwed everything up this week you idiotme sorry, i'm not really looking for a relationship right now  

therapist do u blame yourself for your parents divorceme not reallytherapist [quietly while reading through notes] you probably should  

reverse fireworks   


  



may contain nuts   


  



hey uhhh can you buy cigarettes for us   


  



[in the middle of sucking dick]my brain yo bite itme whatmy brain u could prolly bite it clean offmemy brainmemy brain im just saying u prolly could  

goals   


  



and that’s how vaginas were made   


  



when you ask her out for the th time in a week and she ﬁnally tells you, "go away"   


  



I love the way he’s sucking his paw   


  



[first date]her I'm really into the outdoors type.me [trying to impress] I'm homeless.  

you ever look at one of your co-workers and think “wow you really give a shit about this job, don’t you?”   


  



imagine coming home to your girl in bed, you tell her a joke... then boom, the nigga under the bed start laughing too  

niggas gone cum inside that robot sex doll and get electrocuted  

Ma’am. M--excuse me. Excuse me. Ma’am. I am a TAXPAYER and I demand that you go out with me  

tuna = the chicken of the sea, worms = the noodles of the ground, penguins = butlers of the south  

interviewer Do you have any references?me I find your lack of faith disturbing.interviewer What?me *leans in really close* That's a Star Wars reference.  

[first date]me I'm from a broken home.him When did your parents divorce? me No, they were hoarders, and the second floor collapsed.  

most of parenting is just getting mad at your kids for being exactly like you  

*sees crush in public*me to me “act natural”me   

 
         
 iPhone客户端

wtf...this looks dumb af   

when you and your friend argue about something and the google search confirms your intellectual dominance   


  



alexa can i put hot sauce in my ass  

let it burn   


  



I love this man   


  



russian dating sites are a goldmine   


  



Whole Foods Cashier You have your reusable bags?me No*wave of boos from shoppers**a toddler with a hyphenated st name spits on me*  

where I can apply for a job like this   


  



[being murdered]You're on my hair  

damn   


  

 

*goes to school without headphones once*   


  

 

I fucking hate being cat fished by a parking space. get so excited, go to pull in.. and there's a fiat  in there  

pug hopping up stairs   

best thing I’ve seen today   

this shot of David Schwimmer in the new skittles Super Bowl commercial is nightmare fuel   


  



when you ain’t get enough sleep so every little thing throughout the day pisses tf you off   


  



as you begin thinking of New Year's resolutions, instead of thinking of all you're doing wrong, think of something you're already doing well. then, commit to doing it just a little bit better. for example you're already great at being single — try doing it with less complaining  

what Canadians do in their free time   


  



there are only two genders   


  



her i like it when guys roll up their sleeves so you can see their forearmsme [looking down and realizing i only have two arms] fuck  

before I get what I want vs. after I get what I want   


  

 

my teacher watching me walk into class late with a bagel and iced coffee   


  



you ever just get a sharp stabbing pain in one of ur organs and u think ah fuck it’s finally happening  

when you see your bestfriend being a hoe...but that's your bestfriend   


  

 

doesn't matter if you're gay, straight, black, white, male, female. in the eyes of a  year old Call of Duty gamer, we're ALL gay  

shocking prison secret   

“breaking bad” told from jesse’s perspective   

when you can't open a jar after  mins of trying and you start questioning whether you really are a strong independent woman who don't need no man   


  



relationship goals   


  



I need this for my desk   


  



when you’re just too good at hide and seek   


  



did you know you can just start screaming, basically anywhere. It’s not illegal or anything  

i've never actually seen pulp fiction but i've pieced it together from college dorm room posters  

my friend say my Jordans are fake but they look real as hell to me   


  



wife You’re going to be a great Dad one dayme And you’ll make a great Mom one day tooson *From the basement* WHEN  

well..   


  



my new thing is finding birds that look like they are twice divorced   


  

 

I developed a very large vocabulary to avoid words I couldn‘t spell  

AMC summarized breaking bad into  second clip   

me showing up to class an hour late every day this semester   

kmph in a small german town   

the first week of Pokemon GO was probably the closest the we'll ever be to world peace  

her I was exhausted I was up till am with the babyhim it’s probably not good to keep a baby up that late   


  



crush only guys with small dicks drive big carsme   


  



a magician asks you to pick a card -any card, in fact. you do. they ask you to put the card back in the pack - anywhere in the pack, in fact. youdo. they walk away. ten years later. your wife gives birth to the six of clubs. “is this your card?" the midwife asks, in a familiar voice.                                 

breaking bad started airing on January , . let that sink in   


  



when you enter the final boss room and the cutscene starts   


  



I broke up with my girlfriend at a restaurant. she started crying. everyone thought I proposed her so they started clapping  

net fix and chill   


  



bruh my ice cream better stop fuckin around or it might catch this 🍆🍆🍆   


  



marry a guy who will email you when you block him  

how being rich change you   

ever feel like you’re creating your own demons?   

when you hear the man of your owner say “I’ll eat your pussy tonight”   


  



when someone tells you their hands are cold, there's a % chance they're going to put their hands on you to prove how cold they are  

when someone tells you their hands are cold, there's a % chance they're going to put their hands on you to prove how cold they are  

his facial expressions killed me the most   

imagine if this was real   

when you’ve been a third wheel so long they just accept you as part of their relationship   


  



when someone tries to explain your area of expertise to you   


  



Beyoncé doesn’t trust anyone so she watches her own back   


  



when you have to be both mom and dad   


  



when you thought she was cool, but  weeks into the relationship she turns psycho   


  

 

have you ever woken up from a sex dream and still felt horny? Cool, that's pretty much how your girlfriend feels after real sex  

accountant needed   

people visiting Ohio for the first time   

only Chuck Norris   

that, that got real dark   

waitress verbally massacres family ordering at restaurant   

if you ever meet someone who calls Gatorade flavors the actual name of the flavor instead of just the color they are % a cop  

chill   


  



I just got my girlfriend a 'get better soon“ card.she isn't sick, I just think she can get better.  

fabulous exit only   


  



when you’re writing an essay and trying to hit that  word count   


  



canceling plans is ok. staying home to cook is ok. disappearing for a bit to get your life together is ok. resurfacing in a foreign country with a new name  years later is ok. it's called self care  

“how did the exam go?” me   

when spongebob is life   

that moment when teacher is checking your friend’s homework and next turn is yours   


  

 

smooth   


  



thanks doc   


  



I mean you could also enjoy THE THING   


  



me you're so beautifuldate oh I bet you say that to all the girlsme quiet, I'm on the phone  

well, you can’t say no to this guy   


  



this is when Scotland peaked as a nation   


  



If a Transformer died could you just use it’s body as a regular car? Like, respectfully tho.  

VR chat is taking over   

one of the funniest things Kanye ever said   

echidna puggle at taronga zoo   

me Shall we have sex?her I want to wait til we're marriedme Ugh finepriest Shall I continue?  

studies show that lonelier people take longer showers because they use hot water to replace human warmth   


  



I just sat in the shower for an hour thinking about how Mercedes has  E’s all pronounced differently  

him”Are you going to drop that attitude?” me”What attitude”   

going for a pee in Siberia   


  



you know, sometimes reading all the awful stories in the news can lead you to think that there’s nothing good in this world. And that’s correct  

so poetic   


  



“greedisgood” is a bitch but “longlivethemotherland” rules  

boss You're firedme *turns in my gun and my badge*boss You're a waiter where did you get those  

me hiwhite family   


  



me i miss youuber driver i drove you to chuck e cheese  months ago please delete my number  

you gotta do what you gotta do GAIyou gotta do what you gotta do...just don’t call that thing “free”style no more  

bird picks hair off napping dog   

me when I walk into hell and see my best friend   

airplane taking off from Australia   

me it's the first date. I am a beautiful respectful woman, I won't even kiss him.other me Shave your vagina just in case   


  



when goth is life but you’re still trying to eat healthy   


  



dat url tho   


  



civil engineer who always wanted to be a network engineer   


  



best friend I can’t find him on social media & I only know his first nameme   


  



the green mile   


  



it’s all about the cocks   


  



girls talk about makeup like it’s a weapon,"What eye shadow is that?"“Oh it’s the Mac XZ Pro Supreme Blend  points to Gryfﬁndor”  

wtf were my first thoughts before I worked it out   


  



[after my wife gives birth to our son]doctor time for the circumcisionme ok greatdoctor sir, please put your pants back on  

welcome to war, kid   

if y'all need advice for senior year   

*goes outside to play football with my kid**kicks the ball really fuckin far so i can check my phone*  

if you see DA police   


  



the most intelligent joke known to man   


  



[preparing for a date]me what if she kisses meroommate you kiss her back, brome okme *thinking* but why her back though  

Breakingat the age of , Narrator/Actor Morgan Freeman woke up peacefully in his room this morning   


  



me i'd like to make a reservation for  at  pm employee sir, this is a McDonald'sme oh my bad. i'd like a McReservation for  at  pmemployee perfect, see you then  

me I'm fine, things are finealso me   


  



*calls ex wife three weeks after the divorce* what kind of yogurt do I like?  

when you reach your destination but don’t want to leave the car because the song is too good   


  



me, giving advice to my friends do not fuck up ur life bro only i can do that  

you know what an english corner scared of?  

the most honest answer on live tv   

baby kangaroo wants milk   

herd of narwhales   


  



relationship goals   


  



thanks toilet! love you.   


  



if you’re ever feeling like a piece of shit, here’s a guy buying his sex doll a ring   


  



when your best friend is mad at you but you know they still love you deep down   


  



when you try to point at something and they keep asking “where?”   


  



only in Russia   


  



that one big ass step you take when your balls are stuck to your thigh   


  



me  is gonna be my year. I'm having a more positive outlook on life, be more productive & socialize moreme right now   


  



sex robot “so what are we?”me   


  



this could be us   


  



RIP DoloresDying In The Sun-The Cranberries  

bear and man spook each other   

In the near future, you are making dinner because you are about to meet your girlfriend'sdad for the ﬁrst time. All you have in the kitchen is cooked frozen steaks. In walks your girlfriend and her dad, Gordon Ramsey.  

just a misunderstanding   


  



how to prank an officer that just got a new copier   


  



reporter what would you be if you weren’t a footballer?Peter Crouch a virgin   


  



I knew it!   


  



relationship goals   


  



“Thanks but I’m not in the market for a microscope right now”salesman that’s ok, here take my business card“This text is tiny I can’t read this”salesman Boy do I have the product for you   


  



that explains the beer in her hand   


  



yeah... wtf Alice?!   


  



this is english corn   


  



when someone offers you a snack but you’re on a diet   


  



youth,forever young,never say die..what’s next   


  

 

robber You there, shut the fuck up. Do you want to fucking die?me I mean, I wouldn't say I 'want to', but ifyou're offering I gue-robber Come on man that wasn't supposed to be a serious question   


  



when you’re barely piecing together a lie he told u  years ago   

where do you see yourself in the future   


  



who is she   


  



chill   


  



 hime after being traumatized by    


  



when someone *actually* gives you the attention and emotional validation you've been craving but now you don't know how to react   


  



Valentine’s Day is only a month away   

this is the kind of support I need in my life   


  



find ur horse   


  



these Macy's mannequins look like they‘re hungover in the shower thinking about their life choices   


  

 

two dudes, chillin at the movies. two seats apart ‘cause they’re not gay   

when you’re literally trash   

my ex called me last night and told me she couldn’t sleep. I told her to look up Isaiah  (there is no rest for the wicked) lol bitch leave me alone  

when someone tells me not to do something   


  



most cutting thing you can say is "who's this clown?" because it implies they're a) a clown & b) noteven one of the better-known clowns  

DO YOU EVER WONDER WHY YOU HAVE SUCH A STRONG URGE TO SQUEEZE THINGS BECAUSE THEY‘RE CUTEthere was an article about it and it said there is nothing to satisfy how you feel about the thing being so cute so the natural human urge is tokill it so it will stop being cute  

when you at the light with your windows down and a homeless person is trying to make eye contact   


  



maybe if I fall in love with my anxiety it will leave me too  

that one friend who doesn’t contribute much but he’s still a critical member of the squad   


  



doctor ur acne is being caused by stressme so it’s incurable /doctor no! You just need to find a way to relaxand stop being stressedme so it’s incurable /  

every teacher when you’re taking a test   

D O O O O O I N G A H   

when they ask where I see myself in  years   


  



do you apologize when you dial the wrong number? Neither do I. I just panic and hang up.  

*talking to a gay couple*So which one of you is... you know... the one who doesn‘t fucking text back?  

hey people who know astrology shit. i’ve been having a lot of feeligs lately. any planets i can blame that on.  

this could be us but I’d probably break your legs   


  



interviewer so where do you see yourself in  years?me   


  



[I am wearing a wedding gown at work]boss Do you have a minute to chat in my office?me [lifting veil] I do  

at least he knows what the capital of Hungary is   


  



when my married friends keep insisting on setting me up with their “ single friends”   


  



Hey nice try, people named Tristan. Or I should say Stan Stan Stan.  

teacher why didn't you finish your homework over christmasme   


  



Sarah Millican, ladies & gentlemen   


  



[blind date]her I'm a ghost writerme*trying not to look too scared* When did you die?  

I thought he was gonna say, “and the homework tonight is...”   

me I’m single cause the lord got someone special waiting for methe lord   


  



memes are insidejokes for strangers with badsocial skills so they can connect with anotherhuman easily with no effort  

I think I might have downloaded the wrong Forrest Gump   


  



I can feel the “mmmhhhmmmmm” from here   


  



if you uncircumcised you don’t need to use acondom jus tie a knot at the end of your foreskin  

they gave him GB of data for winning Man of the Match   


  



that one friend who makes you do productive shit when you’re hungover   


  



my killer any last words bitch?me alexa play africa by toto  

my new alarm clock ringtone   

it’s not a real english corner if u don’t panic here  

me after my first fuckup of    

Artist, Christoph Niemann sketches a racing cyclist on his cab window   

how much spinach I start cooking vs how much I end up with   


  

 

parenting   


  



frankfrank, man, you’re aliveI just...I saw this handbag manit looked just like you.oh frank I’m so relieved.   


  



imagine if women had to orgasm in order to get pregnant by men. there’d be like  people in the world  

your card got denied in front of your friends and you acted surprised, so now you gotta fully commit to your "let me just call my bank" sham   


  



IG models be like, “got a new flower pot”   


  



[therapy]me What do you mean "boundary issues?"therapist (gently pushing me off his lap) Why don't you put some clothes on & we'll talk?  

when they say you can’t drown your sorrows with food   


  



I have so many questions   


  

 

her You spent our entire life savings on dogsme They're golden retrievers, Karen. They retrieve gold. I did it for us  

what’s the kinkiest thing you’ve ever done in bed   

avocado not ripeavocado not ripeavocado not ripeavocado I'M RIPE NOWavocado okay you were in the bathroom so I rotted  

me after working for an hour   

the real homies always there for you   

he sure is.. PANsexual   

when you tell your crush you think she pretty and she says “aww thx bro”   


  



friend *points camera at me*me omg no sto-   


  



if the next Jurassic Park movie doesn't have Ross from Friends as one of the scientists, then I'm not watching  

Meth Damon is what we called him on Breaking Bad days..spectacular actor   


  



doctor what kind of birth control are you using me just my personality  

“I pretend to like people everyday. It’s called being an adult and that’s why we’re allowed to buy alcohol.”   


  



My perfect date? We meet at a gala. I am wearing a black gown and you’re dressed in a tuxedo. After we dance, you leave suddenly. I follow you outside. You’ve stolen the Declaration of Independence. You’re Nicholas Cage. This is National Treasure  

we all know that one girl   

sorry can’t flirt with you I don’t want to cheat on my crush  

I severely misinterpreted the meaning of this song’s title   


  



candle skeleton   

. how did he do this. why did he do this   


  



me mom can I go out mom no it's too late me   


  



when u start thinking about shit out of nowhere   


  



*packing for a trip*maybe I’ll bring my workout gear. I mean I haven’t worked out in  years but I might start on this trip  

whenever you ask someone to repeat themself and they say “nah nevermind”   


  



therapist ok I'd like you to take a really deep breathme [sucks in huge gulp of air]therapist haha you just ate my fart  

I love rap music. You people make the best music. Fuck the police right brother? I’m Trent by the way   


  



bro code if a bro dies while lifting weights...add more weight, then call   

how group projects usually turn out   


  



yeah sex is cool bro but have you ever tried using sleep as a form of escapism from reality  

you can't afford me   


  



[thanksgiving at the In-laws]me (patting wife’s belly) “Remember you’re eating for two now”mother-in-law (smiling) “You mean...”me “That’s right. She’s got a tapeworm”  

GIVE HIM WHAT HE WANTS   

penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever   

[first day as car salesman] customer Cargo space? me Car no do that. Car no fly. manager Can I see you in my office?  

me after saying no to mimosas at brunch once   


  



[me on Top Chef]Ramsey *screaming* WHAT THE FUCK IS THISme bag of cheetos on top of another bag of cheetosR IT'S FUCKING DELICIOUS  

them i won't ever hurt u me sounds fake but ok them *hurts me* me   


  



[hires private investigator to find myself]  

me waiting in the car after I make him drive me  minutes for a slurpie & I also make him go inside and get it   


  



I am a tiny man when my son was born, the doctor handed me to him  

you can really feel the tension between bb- and Adam   


  



do you ever get home from school and look in the mirror and cringe because you’ve looked like that all day  

a burst of deep sea fireworks halitrephes jelly   

she’s totally right though   

everyone *maturing, becoming adults, functioning*me   


  



[at work the day after watching a comedy central roast] me good morning you piece of shit hahaboss excuse me?  

when you can’t even trust your own family   


  



people do u have a boyfriendme are u making fun of me  

when someone sits down and changes the channel without consulting you first   


  



“so, do you have a special someone in your life?"yes, me. i’m awesome. i think i'm the one  

ok ice cubes are fucking badass I mean they float around in their own blood   


  



taking selfies is a lot of work when you’re ugly  

when you ask her out and she says “who else is coming?”   


  



sex is cool and all, but have you ever made a girl laugh by telling a stupid joke, and she just smiles and looks at you, like really looks at you, and for a moment everything just stops and you feel weightless? it’s amazing  

where this come from..brou don’t even have balls   


  

 

when a girl gamer need ammo in PUBG   

fishes being dicks   

murica!!   

bruh this big dude got these little ass Jordan socks on...got Jordan doing a full split   


  



when you accidentally listen to that one song in the album you always skip and it’s actually lit   


  



when you’ve whacked off to a pornstar in the “teen” categories for years and now she’s in “MILF” categories. that’s real growth right there  

the new season of black mirror   


  



when your date with death turns out to be not all that bad   


  



when the groupchat is in crisis but you kinda like the drama   


  



me sneaking my  issues into    


  



when i was  i had a crush on a girl in my class & didnt know how to deal with it so I wrote her a letter that just said "get out of my school  

that one friend who always tries to sound deep but they just point out the obvious   


  



cat’s new years resolution   


  



me with any musical instrument   

*fapping noises*   

shooting star memes made it to    

if you ever feel unimportant just remember that United Kingdom has a king   


  



I hate people who can't read through spelling mistakesme wanna hang ourthem what?me   


  



murica!!   


  



but how?   


  



so you can feel like breaking someone’s wrist every time you enter home   


  



so there’s a show where a bunch of people roast a phone brand every week? coool   


  

 

someday archeologists are going to dig up Disney World and think that it was some type of bizarre mouse worshipping kingdom  

chill   


  



“To you it was fast.”   


  



me avoiding all my problems and responsibilities   


  



vegans will really look you right in your eyes and compare cauliflower to chicken  

finished that cup off in just one succ😩   

walking into  like   

the beat was awesome   

Ivan Kramskoy’s “girl with a cat”() is perhaps the most relatable figure in art history   


  



so many levels   


  



I've been alive  years and still haven't found the right thing to say when somebody knocks on the door of the public bathroom you're in  

randomly remembering a joke and laughing about it to yourself   


  



next time my teacher pull some shit like this imma eat his ass to teach him a lesson   


  



*gets ponytail caught in elevator door**hands phone to stranger*"Hey, could you get a shot of this for me?"  

me I rarely overreact also me  minutes after bae has left me on read   


  



look for the girl with the broken smile   


  

 

I’ve reached the age where I respond to your  PM text at  the next morning  

when your coworker Jeff says "see you next year" as you're leaving work and you suddenly realize he‘s the funniest person on the planet   


  



crush hime   


  



do u ever speak to people and then you realize they aren’t listening so u fade out pretending you said nothing  

when you try to get the cat into the bathtub   


  



when you get ﬁred from your job and you’re waitin on yo manager to bring his bitch ass outside   


  



i love when math teachers put question marks on my tests cause i’m just like yeah same  

this is your delivery driver. she says she lost your package but asks u not to complain or she’ll get in trouble. wyd?   


  



this is why I have trust issues   


  



me *starts sobbing uncontrollably in front of somebody*[literally  seconds later]me shit wow that was embarrassing holy fuck im sorry nah im ok man im fine whoa sorry buddy  

why he lick me   


  



every time a foreign power tried to invade Russia during the winter   


  



it’s  now? what’s next? ? fuck this world  

